docs/en_US/jailbreak/unused-on-guide-path/installing-everpwnage.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing EverPwnage
description: Guide to installing everpwnage
permalink: /installing-everpwnage
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: cydia
extra_contributors:
  - TheHacker894
  - Alriceee
---

EverPwnage is an untethered jailbreak capable of jailbreaking 32-bit iOS devices on firmware versions 8.0 to 9.3.4, as well as a semi-untethered jailbreak on firmware versions 9.3.5/9.3.6.

We will use the Sideloadly tool to install the EverPwnage jailbreak application to your iOS device for use in the next step.

::: tip

Unless you are running into issues with it, it is generally recommended to follow <router-link to="/using-carbon">Using Carbon</router-link> instead.

:::

::: warning

EverPwnage is only capable of doing an *untethered* jailbreak for firmware versions 8.0 to 9.3.4.

On firmware versions 9.3.5/9.3.6, EverPwnage is a *semi-untethered* jailbreak.

:::

## Downloads
<div class="custom-container tip" id="ifJailbreaksAppSigned"><p>
EverPwnage is currently signed at <a href="https://jailbreaks.app/legacy.html" target="_blank">jailbreaks.app</a> for easy installation without a computer.
</p></div>

- The latest version of [EverPwnage](https://github.com/LukeZGD/EverPwnage/releases/latest)
- The latest version of [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win64) if on Windows.

![A screenshot of the Sideloadly application (Windows)](/assets/images/sideloadly_win.png)

## Installing the application

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the EverPwnage `.ipa` file into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple Account
1. Enter in your password

The app will now install to your iOS device.

## Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple Account>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple Account>"`

The EverPwnage application can now be opened from home screen.

## Running EverPwnage

1. Open the EverPwnage application from your home screen
1. Tap `Jailbreak`

You should now be jailbroken with Cydia installed on your home screen. You can use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

::: tip

If you wish to use a more modern package manager, and are using a device on iOS 9, continue to <router-link to="/installing-zebra">Installing Zebra</router-link>

:::

Commit message:

[MAJOR] Add updating certs to all <=9.x guides
iOS 9 and earlier have expired certificates that no longer work as-is. This breaks many websites/repositories (as well as on iOS 6(?) and earlier, Cydia itself).

Luckily, there are websites which include updated certs for these older devices.

Note that the flow varies based on situation:
- WebKit jailbreaks: list as section 1
- WebKit re-jailbreaks: list after jailbreak is installed, but before any further steps are done
- post-jailbreak untether installation/updating: list after jailbreak is installed, but before untether steps are started
- all other cases: list after all other steps are complete

docs/en_US/jailbreak/unused-on-guide-path/installing-everpwnage.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing EverPwnage
description: Guide to installing everpwnage
permalink: /installing-everpwnage
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: cydia
extra_contributors:
  - TheHacker894
  - Alriceee
---

EverPwnage is an untethered jailbreak capable of jailbreaking 32-bit iOS devices on firmware versions 8.0 to 9.3.4, as well as a semi-untethered jailbreak on firmware versions 9.3.5/9.3.6.

We will use the Sideloadly tool to install the EverPwnage jailbreak application to your iOS device for use in the next step.

::: tip

Unless you are running into issues with it, it is generally recommended to follow <router-link to="/using-carbon">Using Carbon</router-link> instead.

:::

::: warning

EverPwnage is only capable of doing an *untethered* jailbreak for firmware versions 8.0 to 9.3.4.

On firmware versions 9.3.5/9.3.6, EverPwnage is a *semi-untethered* jailbreak.

:::

## Downloads
<div class="custom-container tip" id="ifJailbreaksAppSigned"><p>
EverPwnage is currently signed at <a href="https://jailbreaks.app/legacy.html" target="_blank">jailbreaks.app</a> for easy installation without a computer.
</p></div>

- The latest version of [EverPwnage](https://github.com/LukeZGD/EverPwnage/releases/latest)
- The latest version of [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win64) if on Windows.

![A screenshot of the Sideloadly application (Windows)](/assets/images/sideloadly_win.png)

## Installing the application

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the EverPwnage `.ipa` file into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple Account
1. Enter in your password

The app will now install to your iOS device.

## Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple Account>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple Account>"`

The EverPwnage application can now be opened from home screen.

## Running EverPwnage

1. Open the EverPwnage application from your home screen
1. Tap `Jailbreak`

You should now be jailbroken with Cydia installed on your home screen. You can use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

## Updating Certificates

::: warning

While this section is *technically* optional, many modern repositories **will not work** without these updated certificates.

:::

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the [http://tlsroot.litten.ca](http://tlsroot.litten.ca) website
1. Tap `Signed iOS Bundle (iOS 5+)`
1. Tap `Install` -> `Install` -> `Install` -> Done

::: tip

If you wish to use a more modern package manager, and are using a device on iOS 9, continue to <router-link to="/installing-zebra">Installing Zebra</router-link>

:::
