docs/en_US/jailbreak/unused-on-guide-path/installing-unc0ver-trollstore.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing unc0ver (TrollStore)
description: Guide to installing unc0ver using TrollStore
permalink: /installing-unc0ver-trollstore
redirect_from:
  - /installing-uncover-trollstore
pkgman: Cydia
extra_contributors:
  - opa334
  - iCraze
---

unc0ver is a <router-link to="/types-of-jailbreak/#semi-untethered-jailbreaks">semi-untethered jailbreak</router-link>, meaning it requires an app to re-apply the exploit after a reboot.

::: warning

In order to follow this method, you'll need a device running iOS versions 14.0 to 14.3 or 14.6 to 14.8. If you are running iOS 13.7 or earlier, follow <router-link to="/installing-unc0ver">Installing unc0ver</router-link> instead.

If you have an A12 or newer device on iOS versions 14.4 to 14.5.1, continue to <router-link to="/installing-unc0ver-fugu14">Installing unc0ver (Fugu14)</router-link> instead.

:::

While unc0ver is compatible with jailbreaking several devices on iOS/iPadOS versions from 11.0 to 14.8 (excluding iOS 12.5.6/12.5.7), this method of obtaining unc0ver requires a device running iOS versions 14.0 to 14.3 or 14.6 to 14.8.

::: warning

If you are already jailbroken with Taurine, make sure to properly <router-link to="/removing-taurine">remove Taurine</router-link> before proceeding.

:::

::: warning

unc0ver on firmware versions 14.6 to 14.8 only supports A12 and A13 iPhones.

:::

We will first install TrollStore using one of two methods (depending on your device), and then install unc0ver through TrollStore.

## Installing TrollStore

The method that needs to be followed in order to install TrollStore depends on your device, select the tab that fits your device and follow the subsequent steps.

::: tip

If you already have TrollStore installed, you can skip this section.

:::

::::: tabs

:::: tab name="TrollHelperOTA (A12 and later)" :default="true"

::: warning

This method only supports A12 and later devices.

:::

### Installing TrollHelper

1. Open Safari
1. Go to [https://api.jailbreaks.app/troll64e](https://api.jailbreaks.app/troll64e)
1. Tap `Install`

An app named `GTA Car Tracker` will now install to your iOS device, this app is TrollHelper, however.

### Installing TrollStore

1. Open the `GTA Car Tracker` app
1. Tap `Register Persistence Helper`
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`

The TrollStore application will now install to your iOS device.

::::

:::: tab name="TrollInstallerX (A11 and earlier)"

### Requirements

- The latest version of [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win32) if on Windows
- The latest version of [TrollInstallerX](https://github.com/alfiecg24/TrollInstallerX/releases/latest)

### Installing the application

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the TrollInstallerX `.ipa` file into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple ID
1. Enter in your password
    - Sideloadly must make a request to it's servers in order to work with free developer accounts. If you are not OK with this, you may use an alternate Apple ID.

The app will now install to your iOS device.

### Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple ID>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple ID>"`

The TrollInstallerX application can now be opened from home screen.

### Installing TrollStore

1. Open TrollInstallerX
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`
    - If your device is stuck on "Exploiting Kernel", reboot your device
1. When prompted to select an app to install the persistence helper into, select an app you care about **the least**
    - If you don't know what app to select, select `Tips`
    - If your device reboots *before* getting to this step, try again

Both TrollStore and its persistence helper should now be installed.

::::

:::::

## Installing unc0ver

### Downloads

- unc0ver
    - If you are on iOS 14.6 to 14.8, download the latest version of [unc0ver](https://unc0ver.dev/)
      - If you are on iOS 14.6 to 14.8, also download the latest version of [u0Launcher](https://github.com/opa334/u0Launcher/releases)
    - If you are on iOS 14.0 to 14.3, download the 6.1.1 version of [unc0ver](https://unc0ver.dev/downloads/6.1.1/decf7c36cc08118dc83ba455f8ca42e0e3cf354c/unc0ver_Release_6.1.1.ipa)
    - Make sure to download the aforementioned files **onto your iOS device**

### Installing unc0ver

1. Open `TrollStore`
1. Press the `+` on the top right
1. Go to where you saved the unc0ver `.ipa` file
1. Tap on the unc0ver `.ipa` file
1. Tap `Install`

The unc0ver app will now be installed onto your device.

::: warning

If you're on iOS 14.6 to 14.8, you'll need to repeat these steps for the u0Launcher `.ipa` file as well.

:::

## Running unc0ver

1. Reboot your phone
    - This is not necessary but recommended
1. Open the unc0ver application from your home screen immediately afterwards
    - If you're on iOS 14.6 to 14.8, open the u0Launcher application instead
1. Open the settings menu and disable the `Disable Auto Updates` toggle
    - unc0ver disables Over-The-Air updates by default, however it's recommended to toggle this as it can cause issues when updating manually if not disabled
1. Tap "Done"
1. Tap "Jailbreak"
1. Reboot your phone when prompted
1. Open the unc0ver application from your home screen immediately after rebooting
    - If you're on iOS 14.6 to 14.8, open the u0Launcher application instead
1. Tap "Jailbreak"

::: tip

If the app or your device crashes/restarts unexpectedly and the jailbreak isn't installed, simply try rebooting and running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

::: warning

If you receive the error `rootFS already mounted, delete the OTA update`, read the <router-link to="/troubleshooting/#rootfs-already-mounted">Troubleshooting</router-link> page

:::

You should now be jailbroken with Cydia installed on your home screen. You can use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

::: tip

If you wish to use a more modern package manager, continue to <router-link to="/installing-sileo">Installing Sileo</router-link>

:::

Commit message:

two updates
TrollInstallerX is now on jailbreaks.app
Point to a functional page for THOTA

docs/en_US/jailbreak/unused-on-guide-path/installing-unc0ver-trollstore.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing unc0ver (TrollStore)
description: Guide to installing unc0ver using TrollStore
permalink: /installing-unc0ver-trollstore
redirect_from:
  - /installing-uncover-trollstore
pkgman: Cydia
extra_contributors:
  - opa334
  - iCraze
---

unc0ver is a <router-link to="/types-of-jailbreak/#semi-untethered-jailbreaks">semi-untethered jailbreak</router-link>, meaning it requires an app to re-apply the exploit after a reboot.

::: warning

In order to follow this method, you'll need a device running iOS versions 14.0 to 14.3 or 14.6 to 14.8. If you are running iOS 13.7 or earlier, follow <router-link to="/installing-unc0ver">Installing unc0ver</router-link> instead.

If you have an A12 or newer device on iOS versions 14.4 to 14.5.1, continue to <router-link to="/installing-unc0ver-fugu14">Installing unc0ver (Fugu14)</router-link> instead.

:::

While unc0ver is compatible with jailbreaking several devices on iOS/iPadOS versions from 11.0 to 14.8 (excluding iOS 12.5.6/12.5.7), this method of obtaining unc0ver requires a device running iOS versions 14.0 to 14.3 or 14.6 to 14.8.

::: warning

If you are already jailbroken with Taurine, make sure to properly <router-link to="/removing-taurine">remove Taurine</router-link> before proceeding.

:::

::: warning

unc0ver on firmware versions 14.6 to 14.8 only supports A12 and A13 iPhones.

:::

We will first install TrollStore using one of two methods (depending on your device), and then install unc0ver through TrollStore.

## Installing TrollStore

The method that needs to be followed in order to install TrollStore depends on your device, select the tab that fits your device and follow the subsequent steps.

::: tip

If you already have TrollStore installed, you can skip this section.

:::

::::: tabs

:::: tab name="TrollHelperOTA (A12 and later)" :default="true"

::: warning

This method only supports A12 and later devices.

:::

### Installing TrollHelper

1. Open Safari
1. Open this page on your device
    - The url of this page is `https://ios.cfw.guide/installing-unc0ver-trollstore`
1. On your device, [tap here](itms-services://?action=download-manifest&url=https://jailbreaks.app/cdn/plists/TrollHelper.plist):
    - If you're unable to access this page, type `itms-services://?action=download-manifest&url=https://jailbreaks.app/cdn/plists/TrollHelper.plist` into Safari
1. Tap `Install`

An app named `GTA Car Tracker` will now install to your iOS device, this app is TrollHelper, however.

### Installing TrollStore

1. Open the `GTA Car Tracker` app
1. Tap `Register Persistence Helper`
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`

The TrollStore application will now install to your iOS device.

::::

:::: tab name="TrollInstallerX (A11 and earlier)"

### Requirements

<div class="custom-container tip" id="ifJailbreaksAppSigned"><p>
TrollInstallerX is currently signed at <a href="https://jailbreaks.app/" target="_blank">jailbreaks.app</a> for easy installation without a computer.
</p></div>

- The latest version of [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win32) if on Windows
- The latest version of [TrollInstallerX](https://github.com/alfiecg24/TrollInstallerX/releases/latest)

### Installing the application

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the TrollInstallerX `.ipa` file into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple ID
1. Enter in your password
    - Sideloadly must make a request to it's servers in order to work with free developer accounts. If you are not OK with this, you may use an alternate Apple ID.

The app will now install to your iOS device.

### Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple ID>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple ID>"`

The TrollInstallerX application can now be opened from home screen.

### Installing TrollStore

1. Open TrollInstallerX
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`
    - If your device is stuck on "Exploiting Kernel", reboot your device
1. When prompted to select an app to install the persistence helper into, select an app you care about **the least**
    - If you don't know what app to select, select `Tips`
    - If your device reboots *before* getting to this step, try again

Both TrollStore and its persistence helper should now be installed.

::::

:::::

## Installing unc0ver

### Downloads

- unc0ver
    - If you are on iOS 14.6 to 14.8, download the latest version of [unc0ver](https://unc0ver.dev/)
      - If you are on iOS 14.6 to 14.8, also download the latest version of [u0Launcher](https://github.com/opa334/u0Launcher/releases)
    - If you are on iOS 14.0 to 14.3, download the 6.1.1 version of [unc0ver](https://unc0ver.dev/downloads/6.1.1/decf7c36cc08118dc83ba455f8ca42e0e3cf354c/unc0ver_Release_6.1.1.ipa)
    - Make sure to download the aforementioned files **onto your iOS device**

### Installing unc0ver

1. Open `TrollStore`
1. Press the `+` on the top right
1. Go to where you saved the unc0ver `.ipa` file
1. Tap on the unc0ver `.ipa` file
1. Tap `Install`

The unc0ver app will now be installed onto your device.

::: warning

If you're on iOS 14.6 to 14.8, you'll need to repeat these steps for the u0Launcher `.ipa` file as well.

:::

## Running unc0ver

1. Reboot your phone
    - This is not necessary but recommended
1. Open the unc0ver application from your home screen immediately afterwards
    - If you're on iOS 14.6 to 14.8, open the u0Launcher application instead
1. Open the settings menu and disable the `Disable Auto Updates` toggle
    - unc0ver disables Over-The-Air updates by default, however it's recommended to toggle this as it can cause issues when updating manually if not disabled
1. Tap "Done"
1. Tap "Jailbreak"
1. Reboot your phone when prompted
1. Open the unc0ver application from your home screen immediately after rebooting
    - If you're on iOS 14.6 to 14.8, open the u0Launcher application instead
1. Tap "Jailbreak"

::: tip

If the app or your device crashes/restarts unexpectedly and the jailbreak isn't installed, simply try rebooting and running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

::: warning

If you receive the error `rootFS already mounted, delete the OTA update`, read the <router-link to="/troubleshooting/#rootfs-already-mounted">Troubleshooting</router-link> page

:::

You should now be jailbroken with Cydia installed on your home screen. You can use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

::: tip

If you wish to use a more modern package manager, continue to <router-link to="/installing-sileo">Installing Sileo</router-link>

:::
