docs/en_US/jailbreak/unused-on-guide-path/using-jailbreakme-4.0.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Using JailbreakMe 4.0
description: Guide to using JailbreakMe 4.0
permalink: /using-jailbreakme-4-0
redirect_from:
  - /installing-jailbreakme-4-0
  - /jailbreakme-4-0
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: cydia
---

JailbreakMe 4.0, when paired with EverUntether, is capable of doing an untethered jailbreak on every 32-bit iOS device on firmware version 9.1 up to 9.3.4.

## Running JailbreakMe 4.0

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the JailbreakMe 4.0 website ([https://lukezgd.github.io/jbme4/untethered.html](https://lukezgd.github.io/jbme4/untethered.html))
1. Tap "jailbreak me!"

::: warning

If your device crashes or restarts unexpectedly and the jailbreak isn't installed, simply try running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

You should now be jailbroken with Cydia installed on your home screen. You can use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

::: tip

If you wish to use a more modern package manager, continue to <router-link to="/installing-zebra">Installing Zebra</router-link>

:::

Commit message:

[MAJOR] Add updating certs to all <=9.x guides
iOS 9 and earlier have expired certificates that no longer work as-is. This breaks many websites/repositories (as well as on iOS 6(?) and earlier, Cydia itself).

Luckily, there are websites which include updated certs for these older devices.

Note that the flow varies based on situation:
- WebKit jailbreaks: list as section 1
- WebKit re-jailbreaks: list after jailbreak is installed, but before any further steps are done
- post-jailbreak untether installation/updating: list after jailbreak is installed, but before untether steps are started
- all other cases: list after all other steps are complete

docs/en_US/jailbreak/unused-on-guide-path/using-jailbreakme-4.0.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Using JailbreakMe 4.0
description: Guide to using JailbreakMe 4.0
permalink: /using-jailbreakme-4-0
redirect_from:
  - /installing-jailbreakme-4-0
  - /jailbreakme-4-0
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: cydia
---

JailbreakMe 4.0, when paired with EverUntether, is capable of doing an untethered jailbreak on every 32-bit iOS device on firmware version 9.1 up to 9.3.4.

## Updating Certificates

::: warning

While this section is *technically* optional, many modern repositories **will not work** without these updated certificates.

:::

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the [http://tlsroot.litten.ca](http://tlsroot.litten.ca) website
1. Tap `Signed iOS Bundle (iOS 5+)`
1. Tap `Install` -> `Install` -> `Install` -> Done

## Running JailbreakMe 4.0

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the JailbreakMe 4.0 website ([https://lukezgd.github.io/jbme4/untethered.html](https://lukezgd.github.io/jbme4/untethered.html))
1. Tap "jailbreak me!"

::: warning

If your device crashes or restarts unexpectedly and the jailbreak isn't installed, simply try running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

You should now be jailbroken with Cydia installed on your home screen. You can use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

::: tip

If you wish to use a more modern package manager, continue to <router-link to="/installing-zebra">Installing Zebra</router-link>

:::
