docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-meowbrek2.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing meowbrek2
description: Guide to installing meowbrek2
permalink: /installing-meowbrek2
pkgman: sileo
---

meowbrek2 is a <router-link to="/types-of-jailbreak/#semi-untethered-jailbreaks">semi-untethered</router-link> ***re***-jailbreaking utility, meaning that it uses an app in order to re-enter a jailbroken state on a device that has already been jailbroken.

meowbrek2 supports **re**-jailbreaking A11 and earlier devices on firmware versions 15.0 to 15.7.6 that have previously been jailbroken with palera1n.

::: warning

meowbrek2 only supports devices that have been jailbroken with *rootless* palera1n, if you are currently using *rootful* palera1n, you need to first <router-link to="/removing-palera1n">Remove rootful palera1n</router-link> before proceeding.

:::

## Installing palera1n

In order to use meowbrek2, you'll need to first jailbreak with palera1n by following <router-link to="/installing-palera1n">Installing palera1n</router-link>. You can return to this page once you have finished installing palera1n.

::: tip

If you already have *rootless* palera1n installed, you can ignore this section.

:::

## Installing TrollStore

::: tip

If it's not already added, you'll also need to add the `havoc.app` repository to Sileo

:::

::: tip

If you already have TrollStore installed (regardless of whether or not it was through the method listed here), you can skip this section

:::

### Installing TrollHelper

1. Open the Sileo application
1. Tap on the "Search" tab
1. Search for "TrollStore Helper"
1. Tap "Install"
1. Tap the "Queued" bar at the bottom of the page
1. Tap "Confirm"
1. Once finished, tap "Done", then close Sileo
1. Open the `TrollHelper` app on your home screen
1. Press `Install TrollStore`

Your device should respring, and TrollStore should now be installed.

### Installing Persistence Helper

1. Open the `TrollStore` app on your home screen
1. Press `Settings`, then press `Install Persistence Helper`
1. Select `Tips` from the list of apps
1. Reboot your device

Once your device finishes rebooting, open the `Tips` app (which you set as the persistence helper) and press `Refresh App Registrations`.

## Installing meowbrek2

### Downloads

- The latest version of meowbrek2 for your device:
    - Users with an A9(X) to A11 device should download [the standard release](https://kok3shidoll.github.io/download/secret/meowbrek2_1.1.2_TS.tipa)
    - Users with an A8(X) device should download [the 4k device release](https://kok3shidoll.github.io/download/secret/meowbrek2_4k_1.1.2-1_TS.tipa)
    - Make sure to download the meowbrek2 `.tipa` file **onto your iOS device**

### Installing the jailbreak

1. Re-open the `TrollStore` app on your home screen
1. Press the `+` on the top right
1. Go to where you saved the meowbrek2 `.tipa` file
1. Tap on the meowbrek2 `.tipa` file
1. Tap `Install`

The meowbrek2 app will now be installed onto your device.

## Running meowbrek2

1. Reboot your phone
    - This is not necessary but recommended
1. Open the meowbrek2 application from your home screen immediately afterwards
1. Tap "Jailbreak"

::: tip

If the app or your device crashes/restarts unexpectedly and you don't re-enter a jailbroken state, simply try rebooting and running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

You should now be back in a jailbroken state with Sileo installed on your home screen. You can use Sileo to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

Commit message:

meowbrek2: clarify that passcode is OK
https://discord.com/channels/349243932447604736/688122301975363591/1190988619758960742

docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-meowbrek2.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing meowbrek2
description: Guide to installing meowbrek2
permalink: /installing-meowbrek2
pkgman: sileo
---

meowbrek2 is a <router-link to="/types-of-jailbreak/#semi-untethered-jailbreaks">semi-untethered</router-link> ***re***-jailbreaking utility, meaning that it uses an app in order to re-enter a jailbroken state on a device that has already been jailbroken.

meowbrek2 supports **re**-jailbreaking A11 and earlier devices on firmware versions 15.0 to 15.7.6 that have previously been jailbroken with palera1n.

::: warning

meowbrek2 only supports devices that have been jailbroken with *rootless* palera1n, if you are currently using *rootful* palera1n, you need to first <router-link to="/removing-palera1n">Remove rootful palera1n</router-link> before proceeding.

:::

## Installing palera1n

In order to use meowbrek2, you'll need to first jailbreak with palera1n by following <router-link to="/installing-palera1n">Installing palera1n</router-link>. You can return to this page once you have finished installing palera1n. If you have an A11 device, you will need to disable your passcode to install palera1n, but after you return to this page and reach the end of the "Installing TrollStore" section, you may enable your passcode again. 

::: tip

If you already have *rootless* palera1n installed, you can ignore this section.

:::

## Installing TrollStore

::: tip

If it's not already added, you'll also need to add the `havoc.app` repository to Sileo

:::

::: tip

If you already have TrollStore installed (regardless of whether or not it was through the method listed here), you can skip this section

:::

### Installing TrollHelper

1. Open the Sileo application
1. Tap on the "Search" tab
1. Search for "TrollStore Helper"
1. Tap "Install"
1. Tap the "Queued" bar at the bottom of the page
1. Tap "Confirm"
1. Once finished, tap "Done", then close Sileo
1. Open the `TrollHelper` app on your home screen
1. Press `Install TrollStore`

Your device should respring, and TrollStore should now be installed.

### Installing Persistence Helper

1. Open the `TrollStore` app on your home screen
1. Press `Settings`, then press `Install Persistence Helper`
1. Select `Tips` from the list of apps
1. Reboot your device

Once your device finishes rebooting, open the `Tips` app (which you set as the persistence helper) and press `Refresh App Registrations`.

## Installing meowbrek2

### Downloads

- The latest version of meowbrek2 for your device:
    - Users with an A9(X) to A11 device should download [the standard release](https://kok3shidoll.github.io/download/secret/meowbrek2_1.1.2_TS.tipa)
    - Users with an A8(X) device should download [the 4k device release](https://kok3shidoll.github.io/download/secret/meowbrek2_4k_1.1.2-1_TS.tipa)
    - Make sure to download the meowbrek2 `.tipa` file **onto your iOS device**

### Installing the jailbreak

1. Re-open the `TrollStore` app on your home screen
1. Press the `+` on the top right
1. Go to where you saved the meowbrek2 `.tipa` file
1. Tap on the meowbrek2 `.tipa` file
1. Tap `Install`

The meowbrek2 app will now be installed onto your device.

## Running meowbrek2

1. Reboot your phone
    - This is not necessary but recommended
1. Open the meowbrek2 application from your home screen immediately afterwards
1. Tap "Jailbreak"

::: tip

If the app or your device crashes/restarts unexpectedly and you don't re-enter a jailbroken state, simply try rebooting and running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

You should now be back in a jailbroken state with Sileo installed on your home screen. You can use Sileo to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.
