docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-dopamine.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing Dopamine
description: Guide to installing Dopamine using TrollStore
permalink: /installing-dopamine
pkgman: sileo
redirect_from:
  - /installing-fugu15max
extra_contributors:
  - opa334
  - iCraze
---

Dopamine is a <router-link to="/types-of-jailbreak/#semi-untethered-jailbreaks">semi-untethered jailbreak</router-link>, meaning it requires an app to re-apply the exploit after a reboot.

Dopamine supports all devices on iOS 15.0 to 16.5, A14 and earlier devices and M1 devices on iOS 16.5.1, and A11 and earlier devices on iOS 16.6 to 16.6.1.

::: danger

if you are currently using *rootful* palera1n, you need to first <router-link to="/removing-palera1n">Remove rootful palera1n</router-link> before proceeding.

:::

::: danger

If you have previously used Serotonin and/or Bootstrap, you will need to remove them fully before proceeding.

If you don't know what Bootstrap or Serotonin are, you can ignore this notice and proceed.

:::

We will first install TrollStore using one of two methods (depending on your current device and iOS version), and then install Dopamine through TrollStore.

## Installing TrollStore

The method that needs to be followed in order to install TrollStore depends on both your device and your current firmware version, select the tab that fits your current firmware version and device and follow the subsequent steps.

::: tip

If you already have TrollStore installed, you can skip this section.

:::

::: danger

If you do not already have TrollStore installed, and are using an A8(X) iPad on firmware version 15.7.2 or later, you need to follow <router-link to="/installing-dopamine-sideloadly">Installing Dopamine (Sideloadly)</router-link> instead.

:::

::::: tabs

:::: tab name="TrollInstallerX (A9(X) and later 15.7 to 16.6.1 / A9(X) to A11 15.5 to 15.6.1)" :default="true"

### Requirements

<div class="custom-container tip" id="ifJailbreaksAppSigned"><p>
TrollInstallerX is currently signed at <a href="https://jailbreaks.app/" target="_blank">jailbreaks.app</a> for easy installation without a computer.
</p></div>

- The latest version of [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win32) if on Windows
- The latest version of [TrollInstallerX](https://github.com/alfiecg24/TrollInstallerX/releases/latest)

### Installing the application

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the TrollInstallerX `.ipa` file into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple ID
1. Enter in your password
    - Sideloadly must make a request to it's servers in order to work with free developer accounts. If you are not OK with this, you may use an alternate Apple ID.

The app will now install to your iOS device.

### Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple ID>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple ID>"`

The TrollInstallerX application can now be opened from home screen.

::: danger

If you're on iOS 16.0 to 16.6.1, and did not use jailbreaks.app to install TrollInstallerX, you'll also need to enable Developer Mode.

To do so, go into `Settings` -> `Privacy & Security` and then scroll down until you see `Developer Mode`, tap that option, toggle Developer Mode on, and follow the on-screen instructions

:::

### Installing TrollStore

1. Open TrollInstallerX
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`
    - If your device is stuck on "Exploiting Kernel", reboot your device
1. When prompted to select an app to install the persistence helper into, select an app you care about **the least**
    - If you don't know what app to select, select `Tips`
    - If your device reboots *before* getting to this step, try again

Both TrollStore and its persistence helper should now be installed.

::::

:::: tab name="TrollHelperOTA (15.0 to 15.4.1 / A12 and later 15.5 to 15.6.1)"

::: warning

A11 and earlier devices are supported on iOS 15.0 to 15.4.1

A12 and later devices are supported on iOS 15.0 to 15.6.1

:::

### Installing TrollHelper

1. Open Safari
1. Open this page on your device
    - The url of this page is `https://ios.cfw.guide/installing-dopamine`
1. On your device, [tap here](itms-services://?action=download-manifest&url=https://jailbreaks.app/cdn/plists/TrollHelper.plist):
    - If you're unable to access this page, type `itms-services://?action=download-manifest&url=https://jailbreaks.app/cdn/plists/TrollHelper.plist` into Safari
1. Tap `Install`

An app named `GTA Car Tracker` will now install to your iOS device, this app is TrollHelper, however.

### Installing TrollStore

1. Open the `GTA Car Tracker` app
1. Tap `Register Persistence Helper`
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`

The TrollStore application will now install to your iOS device.

::::

:::: tab name="TrollInstallerMDC (A8(X) 15.5 to 15.7.1)"

### Requirements

- The Tips app installed to your device
- The latest version of [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win32) if on Windows
- The latest version of [TrollInstallerMDC](https://dhinakg.github.io/apps.html)

### Installing the application

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the TrollInstallerMDC `.ipa` file into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple ID
1. Enter in your password
    - Sideloadly must make a request to it's servers in order to work with free developer accounts. If you are not OK with this, you may use an alternate Apple ID.

The app will now install to your iOS device.

### Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple ID>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple ID>"`

The TrollInstallerMDC application can now be opened from home screen.

### Injecting TrollStore Helper

::: warning

If you've already opened Tips, reboot your device before following these steps

:::

1. Open TrollInstallerMDC
1. Once it says "Successfully replaced Tips binary", close the `TrollInstallerMDC` app
    - If it gives an error, close TrollInstallerMDC and re-open it 

### Installing TrollStore

1. Open the `Tips` app
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`

Your device should respring, and TrollStore should now be installed.

### Installing Persistence Helper

1. Open the `TrollStore` app on your home screen
1. Press `Settings`, then press `Install Persistence Helper`
1. Select `Tips` from the list of apps

::::

:::::

## Installing Dopamine

### Downloads

- The latest version of [Dopamine](https://ellekit.space/dopamine)
    - Make sure to download the `.ipa` file onto your iOS device

### Installing Dopamine

1. Open `TrollStore`
1. Press the `+` on the top right
1. Go to where you saved the Dopamine `.ipa` file
1. Tap on the Dopamine `.ipa` file
1. Tap `Install`

The Dopamine app will now be installed onto your device.

### Running Dopamine

1. Reboot your phone
    - This is not necessary but recommended
1. Open the Dopamine application from your home screen immediately afterwards
1. Tap "Jailbreak"

::: tip

If the app or your device crashes/restarts unexpectedly and the jailbreak isn't installed, simply try rebooting and running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

::: warning

If your device has a replacement screen, there is a chance (*especially if the screen is of low quality*) that the touchscreen **will not work** after userspace rebooting into a jailbroken state. This is **not** a Dopamine issue, and can only be fixed by getting a better screen replacement.

:::

Sileo should now be installed on your home screen. You can use Sileo to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

While you are now jailbroken at this point, we need to both update and install some packages so that we're able to both update other packages and have stuff work properly

## Installing necessary software

1. Open the Sileo app
1. Tap on the "Sources" tab
1. Tap on the "ElleKit" repository, then tap on "All Categories"
1. Tap on `ElleKit`
1. Tap "Get"
1. Tap the "Queued" bar at the bottom of the page
1. Tap "Confirm"
1. Once finished, tap `Restart SpringBoard Later`
1. Go to the "Search" tab
1. Search for `PreferenceLoader`
1. Tap on `PreferenceLoader`
1. Tap on "Get"
1. Tap the "Queued" bar at the bottom of the page
1. Tap "Confirm"
1. Once finished, tap `Restart SpringBoard`

::: tip

After doing all the above steps, you may need to reboot and rejailbreak in order for tweak injection to function properly.

:::

Commit message:

Recommend Dopamine 2.1.7 for arm64e 15.x
This is a bit of an elaborate thing, so I'm going to leave an extraordinarily long explanation here detailing this commit.

Basically, as a side effect of the removal of dyld_interpose's with Dopamine 2.2 (which are a net benefit in most cases), forkfix now has to inject systemwide.

Unfortunately, arm64e iOS 15 has a stock bug which will lead to random panics commonly referred to as "Spinlock Panics", which are basically unfixable (we'd need a proper KTRR Bypass), but is linked to the number of C function hooks tweaks or the jailbreak use (stock iOS doesn't use C function hooks, so that's why stock iOS never experiences this).

The implication is that having forkfix injected systemwide results in an increase in spinlock panics - sometimes by a meaningful amount.

Based on what I've observed with other people (through the r/jailbreak subreddit and Discord), *at best*, Dopamine 2.2+ barely makes the rate at which they occur worse. But, *at worst*, 2.1.7 can panic substantially more often for some users than Dopamine 2.2+ (with identical setups).

Based on this, the most sensible path for now is to recommend 2.1.7 for arm64e 15.x, as the changes that Dopamine 2.2+ make aren't worth the potentially substantial increase in random panics for arm64e 15.x

This is not a final decision - this has a decent enough chance to get reverted based on future Dopamine updates or based on more user experiences with arm64e 15.x - however the information right now suggests that this is a net positive decision.

docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-dopamine.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing Dopamine
description: Guide to installing Dopamine using TrollStore
permalink: /installing-dopamine
pkgman: sileo
redirect_from:
  - /installing-fugu15max
extra_contributors:
  - opa334
  - iCraze
---

Dopamine is a <router-link to="/types-of-jailbreak/#semi-untethered-jailbreaks">semi-untethered jailbreak</router-link>, meaning it requires an app to re-apply the exploit after a reboot.

Dopamine supports all devices on iOS 15.0 to 16.5, A14 and earlier devices and M1 devices on iOS 16.5.1, and A11 and earlier devices on iOS 16.6 to 16.6.1.

::: danger

if you are currently using *rootful* palera1n, you need to first <router-link to="/removing-palera1n">Remove rootful palera1n</router-link> before proceeding.

:::

::: danger

If you have previously used Serotonin and/or Bootstrap, you will need to remove them fully before proceeding.

If you don't know what Bootstrap or Serotonin are, you can ignore this notice and proceed.

:::

We will first install TrollStore using one of two methods (depending on your current device and iOS version), and then install Dopamine through TrollStore.

## Installing TrollStore

The method that needs to be followed in order to install TrollStore depends on both your device and your current firmware version, select the tab that fits your current firmware version and device and follow the subsequent steps.

::: tip

If you already have TrollStore installed, you can skip this section.

:::

::: danger

If you do not already have TrollStore installed, and are using an A8(X) iPad on firmware version 15.7.2 or later, you need to follow <router-link to="/installing-dopamine-sideloadly">Installing Dopamine (Sideloadly)</router-link> instead.

:::

::::: tabs

:::: tab name="TrollInstallerX (A9(X) and later 15.7 to 16.6.1 / A9(X) to A11 15.5 to 15.6.1)" :default="true"

### Requirements

<div class="custom-container tip" id="ifJailbreaksAppSigned"><p>
TrollInstallerX is currently signed at <a href="https://jailbreaks.app/" target="_blank">jailbreaks.app</a> for easy installation without a computer.
</p></div>

- The latest version of [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win32) if on Windows
- The latest version of [TrollInstallerX](https://github.com/alfiecg24/TrollInstallerX/releases/latest)

### Installing the application

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the TrollInstallerX `.ipa` file into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple ID
1. Enter in your password
    - Sideloadly must make a request to it's servers in order to work with free developer accounts. If you are not OK with this, you may use an alternate Apple ID.

The app will now install to your iOS device.

### Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple ID>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple ID>"`

The TrollInstallerX application can now be opened from home screen.

::: danger

If you're on iOS 16.0 to 16.6.1, and did not use jailbreaks.app to install TrollInstallerX, you'll also need to enable Developer Mode.

To do so, go into `Settings` -> `Privacy & Security` and then scroll down until you see `Developer Mode`, tap that option, toggle Developer Mode on, and follow the on-screen instructions

:::

### Installing TrollStore

1. Open TrollInstallerX
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`
    - If your device is stuck on "Exploiting Kernel", reboot your device
1. When prompted to select an app to install the persistence helper into, select an app you care about **the least**
    - If you don't know what app to select, select `Tips`
    - If your device reboots *before* getting to this step, try again

Both TrollStore and its persistence helper should now be installed.

::::

:::: tab name="TrollHelperOTA (15.0 to 15.4.1 / A12 and later 15.5 to 15.6.1)"

::: warning

A11 and earlier devices are supported on iOS 15.0 to 15.4.1

A12 and later devices are supported on iOS 15.0 to 15.6.1

:::

### Installing TrollHelper

1. Open Safari
1. Open this page on your device
    - The url of this page is `https://ios.cfw.guide/installing-dopamine`
1. On your device, [tap here](itms-services://?action=download-manifest&url=https://jailbreaks.app/cdn/plists/TrollHelper.plist):
    - If you're unable to access this page, type `itms-services://?action=download-manifest&url=https://jailbreaks.app/cdn/plists/TrollHelper.plist` into Safari
1. Tap `Install`

An app named `GTA Car Tracker` will now install to your iOS device, this app is TrollHelper, however.

### Installing TrollStore

1. Open the `GTA Car Tracker` app
1. Tap `Register Persistence Helper`
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`

The TrollStore application will now install to your iOS device.

::::

:::: tab name="TrollInstallerMDC (A8(X) 15.5 to 15.7.1)"

### Requirements

- The Tips app installed to your device
- The latest version of [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win32) if on Windows
- The latest version of [TrollInstallerMDC](https://dhinakg.github.io/apps.html)

### Installing the application

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the TrollInstallerMDC `.ipa` file into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple ID
1. Enter in your password
    - Sideloadly must make a request to it's servers in order to work with free developer accounts. If you are not OK with this, you may use an alternate Apple ID.

The app will now install to your iOS device.

### Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple ID>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple ID>"`

The TrollInstallerMDC application can now be opened from home screen.

### Injecting TrollStore Helper

::: warning

If you've already opened Tips, reboot your device before following these steps

:::

1. Open TrollInstallerMDC
1. Once it says "Successfully replaced Tips binary", close the `TrollInstallerMDC` app
    - If it gives an error, close TrollInstallerMDC and re-open it 

### Installing TrollStore

1. Open the `Tips` app
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`

Your device should respring, and TrollStore should now be installed.

### Installing Persistence Helper

1. Open the `TrollStore` app on your home screen
1. Press `Settings`, then press `Install Persistence Helper`
1. Select `Tips` from the list of apps

::::

:::::

## Installing Dopamine

### Downloads

- The latest version of [Dopamine](https://ellekit.space/dopamine)
    - A12 and later devices on iOS 15 are recommended to download the 2.1.7 version of [Dopamine](https://github.com/opa334/Dopamine/releases/download/2.1.7/Dopamine.ipa) instead
    - Make sure to download the `.ipa` file onto your iOS device

### Installing Dopamine

1. Open `TrollStore`
1. Press the `+` on the top right
1. Go to where you saved the Dopamine `.ipa` file
1. Tap on the Dopamine `.ipa` file
1. Tap `Install`

The Dopamine app will now be installed onto your device.

### Running Dopamine

1. Reboot your phone
    - This is not necessary but recommended
1. Open the Dopamine application from your home screen immediately afterwards
1. Tap "Jailbreak"

::: tip

If the app or your device crashes/restarts unexpectedly and the jailbreak isn't installed, simply try rebooting and running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

::: warning

If your device has a replacement screen, there is a chance (*especially if the screen is of low quality*) that the touchscreen **will not work** after userspace rebooting into a jailbroken state. This is **not** a Dopamine issue, and can only be fixed by getting a better screen replacement.

:::

Sileo should now be installed on your home screen. You can use Sileo to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

While you are now jailbroken at this point, we need to both update and install some packages so that we're able to both update other packages and have stuff work properly

## Installing necessary software

1. Open the Sileo app
1. Tap on the "Sources" tab
1. Tap on the "ElleKit" repository, then tap on "All Categories"
1. Tap on `ElleKit`
1. Tap "Get"
1. Tap the "Queued" bar at the bottom of the page
1. Tap "Confirm"
1. Once finished, tap `Restart SpringBoard Later`
1. Go to the "Search" tab
1. Search for `PreferenceLoader`
1. Tap on `PreferenceLoader`
1. Tap on "Get"
1. Tap the "Queued" bar at the bottom of the page
1. Tap "Confirm"
1. Once finished, tap `Restart SpringBoard`

::: tip

After doing all the above steps, you may need to reboot and rejailbreak in order for tweak injection to function properly.

:::
