docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-zebra.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: "Installing Zebra"
description: Guide to installing Zebra
permalink: /installing-zebra
redirect_from:
  - /install-zebra
---

## Introduction

This guide will allow you to install Zebra if you are using a jailbreak which includes Cydia by default instead.

::: warning

Zebra only supports iOS 9 or newer.

:::

## Adding the Zebra repo

1. Open the Cydia application
1. Tap `Sources` on the bar at the bottom
1. Tap the `Edit` button in the top right-hand corner
1. Tap the `+` icon in the top right-hand corner
1. Enter in `getzbra.com/repo`
1. Tap `Add Source`

## Installing Zebra

1. Tap on the `getzbra.com/repo` repo
1. Tap `Packaging`
1. Tap `Zebra`
1. Tap the `Install` button at the top right-hand corner of your screen
1. Confirm the installation
    - It may take some time for the tweak to install
1. After it's finished, tap `Respring`
    - The device should appear to reboot after this

Zebra should now be installed onto your device.

::: danger

Attempting to delete Cydia from your device after installing Zebra may cause issues with your jailbreak.

:::

::: tip

Continue to <router-link to="/using-zebra">Using Zebra</router-link>

:::

::: tip

If Zebra claims to be in "Demo Mode", this is a bug which occurs on some older iOS versions, and you may need to downgrade Zebra to a working version. Open Cydia and find the Zebra package once again, then tap "Modify" and then "Downgrade", and choose version 1.1.28 when prompted.

:::

Commit message:

Add new tip + remove outdated information
kok3shi9 4.0 is the reason the new tip exists.
Zebra 1.1.31 resolved the issue mentioned in the old tip

docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-zebra.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: "Installing Zebra"
description: Guide to installing Zebra
permalink: /installing-zebra
redirect_from:
  - /install-zebra
---

## Introduction

This guide will allow you to install Zebra if you are using a jailbreak which includes Cydia by default instead.

::: warning

Zebra only supports iOS 9 or newer.

:::

## Adding the Zebra repo

::: tip

If you already have this repository added (e.g. you jailbroke with kok3shi9) you can skip this section.

:::

1. Open the Cydia application
1. Tap `Sources` on the bar at the bottom
1. Tap the `Edit` button in the top right-hand corner
1. Tap the `+` icon in the top right-hand corner
1. Enter in `getzbra.com/repo`
1. Tap `Add Source`

## Installing Zebra

1. Tap on the `getzbra.com/repo` repo
1. Tap `Packaging`
1. Tap `Zebra`
1. Tap the `Install` button at the top right-hand corner of your screen
1. Confirm the installation
    - It may take some time for the tweak to install
1. After it's finished, tap `Respring`
    - The device should appear to reboot after this

Zebra should now be installed onto your device.

::: danger

Attempting to delete Cydia from your device after installing Zebra may cause issues with your jailbreak.

:::

::: tip

Continue to <router-link to="/using-zebra">Using Zebra</router-link>

:::
