docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-odyssey.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing Odyssey
description: Guide to installing Odyssey
permalink: /installing-odyssey
redirect_from:
  - /odyssey
  - /od
pkgman: sileo
extra_contributors:
  - TheHacker894
  - hopolapopola
  - raizo
---

Odyssey is a <router-link to="/types-of-jailbreak/#semi-untethered-jailbreaks">semi-untethered jailbreak</router-link>, meaning it requires an app to re-apply the exploit after a reboot.

The tool is compatible with jailbreaking devices on iOS/iPadOS versions from 13.0 to 13.7.

Due to how semi-untethered jailbreaks work, the app will need to be <router-link to="/resigning-apps">re-signed</router-link> once every 7 days.

We will use Sideloadly to install the Odyssey jailbreak application to your iOS device for use in the next step.

::: warning

If you are already jailbroken with another jailbreak (besides Odysseyra1n), make sure to properly <router-link to="/restoring-rootfs">remove it</router-link> before proceeding.

:::

## Downloads

<div class="custom-container tip" id="ifJailbreaksAppSigned"><p>
Odyssey is currently signed at <a href="https://jailbreaks.app/" target="_blank">jailbreaks.app</a> for easy installation without a computer.
</p></div>

- The latest version of [Odyssey](https://theodyssey.dev/)
- The latest version of [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win32) if on Windows

![A screenshot of the Sideloadly application (Windows)](/assets/images/sideloadly_win.png)

## Installing the application

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the Odyssey `.ipa` file into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple ID
1. Enter in your password
    - Sideloadly must make a request to its servers in order to work with free developer accounts. If you are not OK with this, you may use an alternate Apple ID.

The app will now install to your iOS device.

## Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple ID>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple ID>"`

The Odyssey application can now be opened from home screen.

## Running Odyssey

1. Reboot your phone
    - This is not necessary but recommended
1. Open the Odyssey application from your home screen immediately afterwards
1. Tap "Jailbreak"

::: tip

If the app or your device crashes/restarts unexpectedly and the jailbreak isn't installed, simply try rebooting and running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

::: warning

If you receive the error `ERR_Jailbreak`, `ERR_Already_Jailbroken` or `ERR_TFP0` read the Taurine/Odyssey section on the <router-link to="/troubleshooting/#common-errors-on-odyssey-and-taurine">Troubleshooting</router-link> page.

:::

You should now be jailbroken with Sileo installed on your home screen. You can use Sileo to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

Commit message:

Numerous iTunes/Sideloadly Changes
- Switch 32-bit iTunes -> 64-bit iTunes
- Remove "Sideloadly must make a request to it's servers in order to work with free developer accounts. If you are not OK with this, you may use an alternate Apple ID." text (doesn't apply ever since Local method was added to Sideloadly and made the default)

docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-odyssey.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing Odyssey
description: Guide to installing Odyssey
permalink: /installing-odyssey
redirect_from:
  - /odyssey
  - /od
pkgman: sileo
extra_contributors:
  - TheHacker894
  - hopolapopola
  - raizo
  - Alriceee
---

Odyssey is a <router-link to="/types-of-jailbreak/#semi-untethered-jailbreaks">semi-untethered jailbreak</router-link>, meaning it requires an app to re-apply the exploit after a reboot.

The tool is compatible with jailbreaking devices on iOS/iPadOS versions from 13.0 to 13.7.

Due to how semi-untethered jailbreaks work, the app will need to be <router-link to="/resigning-apps">re-signed</router-link> once every 7 days.

We will use Sideloadly to install the Odyssey jailbreak application to your iOS device for use in the next step.

::: warning

If you are already jailbroken with another jailbreak (besides Odysseyra1n), make sure to properly <router-link to="/restoring-rootfs">remove it</router-link> before proceeding.

:::

## Downloads

<div class="custom-container tip" id="ifJailbreaksAppSigned"><p>
Odyssey is currently signed at <a href="https://jailbreaks.app/" target="_blank">jailbreaks.app</a> for easy installation without a computer.
</p></div>

- The latest version of [Odyssey](https://theodyssey.dev/)
- The latest version of [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win64) if on Windows.

![A screenshot of the Sideloadly application (Windows)](/assets/images/sideloadly_win.png)

## Installing the application

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the Odyssey `.ipa` file into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple ID
1. Enter in your password

The app will now install to your iOS device.

## Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple ID>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple ID>"`

The Odyssey application can now be opened from home screen.

## Running Odyssey

1. Reboot your phone
    - This is not necessary but recommended
1. Open the Odyssey application from your home screen immediately afterwards
1. Tap "Jailbreak"

::: tip

If the app or your device crashes/restarts unexpectedly and the jailbreak isn't installed, simply try rebooting and running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

::: warning

If you receive the error `ERR_Jailbreak`, `ERR_Already_Jailbroken` or `ERR_TFP0` read the Taurine/Odyssey section on the <router-link to="/troubleshooting/#common-errors-on-odyssey-and-taurine">Troubleshooting</router-link> page.

:::

You should now be jailbroken with Sileo installed on your home screen. You can use Sileo to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

## Installing necessary software

1. Open the Sileo application
1. Tap on the "Search" tab
1. Search for "libiosexec1"
1. Tap "Modify", then Tap "Upgrade"
1. Tap the "Queued" bar at the bottom of the page
1. Tap "Confirm"
1. Once finished, tap "Done"
1. Search for "libhooker (common)", "PreferenceLoader", and "RocketBootstrap" and add them to the queue by pressing "Install"
    - While we're preparing the queue, do not install the anything that is queued until after we've selected all our programs to install
1. Tap the "Queued" bar at the bottom of the page
1. Tap "Confirm"
1. Once finished, tap 'Restart SpringBoard'
