docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-notajb.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool
description: Guide to installing Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool
permalink: /installing-notajb
pkgman: sileo
---

Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool is a <router-link to="/types-of-jailbreak/#semi-untethered-jailbreaks">semi-untethered jailbreak</router-link>, meaning it requires an app to re-apply the exploit after a reboot.

While this tool is capable of jailbreaking A11 and earlier devices on iOS/iPadOS versions 16.0 to 16.5, this tool requires the use of TrollStore, which is currently not installable without a previously existing jailbreak on 16.2 to 16.5.

::: warning

if you are on firmware versions 16.0 to 16.1.2, you should follow <router-link to="/installing-notajb-trollstore">Installing Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool (TrollStore)</router-link> instead.

:::

::: warning

Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool only supports devices that have been jailbroken with *rootless* palera1n, if you are currently using *rootful* palera1n, you need to first <router-link to="/removing-palera1n">Remove rootful palera1n</router-link> before proceeding.

:::

## Installing palera1n

In order to use Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool, you'll need to first jailbreak with palera1n by following <router-link to="/installing-palera1n">Installing palera1n</router-link>. You can return to this page once you have finished installing palera1n.

::: tip

If you already have *rootless* palera1n installed, you can ignore this section.

:::

## Installing TrollStore

::: tip

If it's not already added, you'll also need to add the `havoc.app` repository to Sileo

:::

::: tip

If you already have TrollStore installed (regardless of whether or not it was through the method listed here), you can skip this section

:::

### Installing TrollHelper

1. Open the Sileo application
1. Tap on the "Search" tab
1. Search for "TrollStore Helper"
1. Tap "Install"
1. Tap the "Queued" bar at the bottom of the page
1. Tap "Confirm"
1. Once finished, tap "Done", then close Sileo
1. Open the `TrollHelper` app on your home screen
1. Press `Install TrollStore`

Your device should respring, and TrollStore should now be installed.

### Installing Persistence Helper

1. Open the `TrollStore` app on your home screen
1. Press `Settings`, then press `Install Persistence Helper`
1. Select `Tips` from the list of apps
1. Reboot your device

Once your device finishes rebooting, open the `Tips` app (which you set as the persistence helper) and press `Refresh App Registrations`.

## Installing Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool

### Downloads

- The latest version of [Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool](https://github.com/KpwnZ/Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool/releases/latest)
    - Make sure to download the Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool `.ipa` file **onto your iOS device**

### Installing the jailbreak

1. Re-open the `TrollStore` app on your home screen
1. Press the `+` on the top right
1. Go to where you saved the Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool `.tipa` file
1. Tap on the Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool `.tipa` file
1. Tap `Install`

The Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool app will now be installed onto your device.

## Running Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool

1. Reboot your phone
    - This is not necessary but recommended
1. Open the Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool application from your home screen immediately afterwards
1. Tap "Jailbreak"

::: tip

If the app or your device crashes/restarts unexpectedly and you don't re-enter a jailbroken state, simply try rebooting and running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

You should now be back in a jailbroken state with Sileo installed on your home screen. You can use Sileo to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

Commit message:

Copy section from notajb-trollstore docs on dev mode

docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-notajb.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool
description: Guide to installing Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool
permalink: /installing-notajb
pkgman: sileo
---

Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool is a <router-link to="/types-of-jailbreak/#semi-untethered-jailbreaks">semi-untethered jailbreak</router-link>, meaning it requires an app to re-apply the exploit after a reboot.

While this tool is capable of jailbreaking A11 and earlier devices on iOS/iPadOS versions 16.0 to 16.5, this tool requires the use of TrollStore, which is currently not installable without a previously existing jailbreak on 16.2 to 16.5.

::: warning

if you are on firmware versions 16.0 to 16.1.2, you should follow <router-link to="/installing-notajb-trollstore">Installing Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool (TrollStore)</router-link> instead.

:::

::: warning

Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool only supports devices that have been jailbroken with *rootless* palera1n, if you are currently using *rootful* palera1n, you need to first <router-link to="/removing-palera1n">Remove rootful palera1n</router-link> before proceeding.

:::

## Installing palera1n

In order to use Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool, you'll need to first jailbreak with palera1n by following <router-link to="/installing-palera1n">Installing palera1n</router-link>. You can return to this page once you have finished installing palera1n.

::: tip

If you already have *rootless* palera1n installed, you can ignore this section.

:::

## Installing TrollStore

::: tip

If it's not already added, you'll also need to add the `havoc.app` repository to Sileo

:::

::: tip

If you already have TrollStore installed (regardless of whether or not it was through the method listed here), you can skip this section

:::


### Enabling Developer Mode

1. Go to the main page of the Settings app
1. Go to `Settings` -> `Privacy & Security`, then scroll down until you see `Developer Mode`
1. Tap `Developer Mode`, toggle it on, and follow the on-screen instructions

### Installing TrollHelper

1. Open the Sileo application
1. Tap on the "Search" tab
1. Search for "TrollStore Helper"
1. Tap "Install"
1. Tap the "Queued" bar at the bottom of the page
1. Tap "Confirm"
1. Once finished, tap "Done", then close Sileo
1. Open the `TrollHelper` app on your home screen
1. Press `Install TrollStore`

Your device should respring, and TrollStore should now be installed.

### Installing Persistence Helper

1. Open the `TrollStore` app on your home screen
1. Press `Settings`, then press `Install Persistence Helper`
1. Select `Tips` from the list of apps
1. Reboot your device

Once your device finishes rebooting, open the `Tips` app (which you set as the persistence helper) and press `Refresh App Registrations`.

## Installing Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool

### Downloads

- The latest version of [Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool](https://github.com/KpwnZ/Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool/releases/latest)
    - Make sure to download the Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool `.ipa` file **onto your iOS device**

### Installing the jailbreak

1. Re-open the `TrollStore` app on your home screen
1. Press the `+` on the top right
1. Go to where you saved the Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool `.tipa` file
1. Tap on the Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool `.tipa` file
1. Tap `Install`

The Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool app will now be installed onto your device.

## Running Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool

1. Reboot your phone
    - This is not necessary but recommended
1. Open the Def1nit3lyN0tAJa1lbr3akTool application from your home screen immediately afterwards
1. Tap "Jailbreak"

::: tip

If the app or your device crashes/restarts unexpectedly and you don't re-enter a jailbroken state, simply try rebooting and running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

You should now be back in a jailbroken state with Sileo installed on your home screen. You can use Sileo to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.
