docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-palera1n.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing palera1n
description: Guide to installing palera1n
permalink: /installing-palera1n
pkgman: sileo
redirect_from:
  - /installing-palerain
  - /palera1n
  - /palerain
  - /installing-palera1n/linux
  - /installing-palera1n/macos
  - /installing-palera1n/windows
  - /installing-palera1n-rootless
extra_contributors:
  - Mineek
  - nebula
---

palera1n is a work-in-progress jailbreak that is compatible with A11 (iPhone X) and earlier devices on iOS 15.0 or later, with some caveats for A11 devices.

On A11 devices, you **must disable your passcode** and will not be able to use your passcode, or other SEP functionality, until you boot into a stock iOS state. SEP functionality includes things such as a passcode, Face ID/Touch ID, and Apple Pay. 

Additionally, if your device is an A11 device on iOS 16 and you've set a passcode before, you will need to **erase all content and settings** in order to be able to jailbreak.

::: warning

If you are using an old version of palera1n that was tethered, you'll need to <router-link to="/removing-palera1n-legacy">remove palera1n</router-link> before continuing.

:::

::: tip

If you are using Windows, you should follow <router-link to="/using-palen1x">Using palen1x</router-link> instead.

:::

## Installing the jailbreak

Please select your operating system:

:::::: tabs

:::: tab name="macOS" :default="true"

### Installing palera1n

1. Open a terminal window
1. Run `sudo /bin/sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://static.palera.in/scripts/install.sh)"`

### Running palera1n

::: warning

If you are using a USB-C to Lightning cable to do this process, you may run into issues entering into DFU mode

If you do have issues, get a USB-A to Lightning cable and, if necessary, also get a USB-C to USB-A adapter.

:::

::: tip

If you're using an Apple Silicon Mac and using a USB-C port to plug your cable/adapter into, you'll need to unplug and replug the device after `Checkmate!` appears in the logs.

:::

1. Run `palera1n`
    - Make sure your device is plugged in when entering this command
1. When ready, press `Enter` and follow the on screen instructions to enter <router-link to="/faq/#what-is-dfu-mode">DFU mode</router-link>.

::: tip

A9(X) and earlier devices have an issue where they will get stuck midway through this process in pongoOS. To work around this issue, you'll need to do the following:

1. In the terminal window, press `Control` + `C` on your keyboard
1. Rerun the command that you just ran

You'll need to do this every time you rejailbreak your device as well.

:::

::::

:::: tab name="Linux"

::: danger

If you are trying to use a Virtual Machine software of some sort from Windows (e.g. Virtualbox, VMWare, Windows Subsystem for Linux, etc) you will not succeed with following this guide.

:::

::: warning

If you are using a computer with an AMD Ryzen CPU, you will likely run into issues. If you do run into issues, you should use a Mac or a computer with an Intel CPU to follow this guide.

:::

### Installing palera1n

::: warning

If you are using a USB-C to Lightning cable to do this process, you may run into issues entering into DFU mode

If you do have issues, get a USB-A to Lightning cable and, if necessary, also get a USB-C to USB-A adapter.

:::

1. Open up a terminal window
1. Run `sudo systemctl stop usbmuxd`
1. Run `sudo usbmuxd -f -p`
1. Open up another terminal window
1. Run `sudo /bin/sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://static.palera.in/scripts/install.sh)"`

### Running palera1n

1. Run `sudo palera1n`
    - Make sure your device is plugged in when entering this command
1. When ready, press `Enter` and follow the on screen instructions to enter <router-link to="/faq/#what-is-dfu-mode">DFU mode</router-link>.

::: tip

A9(X) and earlier devices have an issue where they will get stuck midway through this process in pongoOS. To work around this issue, you'll need to do the following:

1. In the terminal window, press `Control` + `C` on your keyboard
1. Rerun the command that you just ran

You'll need to do this every time you rejailbreak your device as well.

:::

::::

::::::

Once the device boots up, open the palera1n loader app and tap `Sileo`. After a bit of time, you'll be prompted to set a passcode for using command line stuff, and then afterwards,`Sileo` should be on your home screen.

::: tip

To rejailbreak your device, simply rerun the command you just ran and then repeat any other applicable steps.

:::

Commit message:

Add steps to account for palera1n 2.0.0b8/checkra1n 0.1337.2 bug

docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-palera1n.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing palera1n
description: Guide to installing palera1n
permalink: /installing-palera1n
pkgman: sileo
redirect_from:
  - /installing-palerain
  - /palera1n
  - /palerain
  - /installing-palera1n/linux
  - /installing-palera1n/macos
  - /installing-palera1n/windows
  - /installing-palera1n-rootless
extra_contributors:
  - Mineek
  - nebula
---

palera1n is a work-in-progress jailbreak that is compatible with A11 (iPhone X) and earlier devices on iOS 15.0 or later, with some caveats for A11 devices.

On A11 devices, you **must disable your passcode** and will not be able to use your passcode, or other SEP functionality, until you boot into a stock iOS state. SEP functionality includes things such as a passcode, Face ID/Touch ID, and Apple Pay. 

Additionally, if your device is an A11 device on iOS 16 and you've set a passcode before, you will need to **erase all content and settings** in order to be able to jailbreak.

::: warning

If you are using an old version of palera1n that was tethered, you'll need to <router-link to="/removing-palera1n-legacy">remove palera1n</router-link> before continuing.

:::

::: warning

If you are using Windows, **and are not trying to jailbreak an iPadOS 17 device**, you should follow <router-link to="/using-palen1x">Using palen1x</router-link> instead.

If you are trying to jailbreak an iPadOS 17 device using Windows, you'll need to instead manually create a live Linux USB (or any other bootable medium) of a traditional Linux distribution.

:::

## Installing the jailbreak

Please select your operating system:

:::::: tabs

:::: tab name="macOS" :default="true"

### Installing palera1n

1. Open a terminal window
1. Run `sudo /bin/sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://static.palera.in/scripts/install.sh)"`

### Running palera1n

::: warning

If you are using a USB-C to Lightning cable to do this process, you may run into issues entering into DFU mode

If you do have issues, get a USB-A to Lightning cable and, if necessary, also get a USB-C to USB-A adapter.

:::

::: tip

If you're using an Apple Silicon Mac and using a USB-C port to plug your cable/adapter into, you'll need to unplug and replug the device after `Checkmate!` appears in the logs.

:::

1. Run `palera1n`
    - Make sure your device is plugged in when entering this command
1. When ready, press `Enter` and follow the on screen instructions to enter <router-link to="/faq/#what-is-dfu-mode">DFU mode</router-link>.

::: tip

A9(X) and earlier devices have an issue where they will get stuck midway through this process in pongoOS. To work around this issue, you'll need to do the following:

1. In the terminal window, press `Control` + `C` on your keyboard
1. Rerun the command that you just ran

You'll need to do this every time you rejailbreak your device as well.

:::

::::

:::: tab name="Linux"

::: danger

Depending on the Linux distribution you are using, you may run into issues with the latest version (2.0.0b8) of palera1n.

If you do run into issues, you have three options:
- Obtain a Mac and follow the macOS tab instead.
- **If you are trying to jailbreak a 15.0 to 16.7.2 device**, you can manually install [palera1n 2.0.0b7](https://github.com/palera1n/palera1n/releases/tag/v2.0.0-beta.7) instead.
- Attempt to use a different Linux distribution (this includes using a live Linux USB (or other bootable medium) of a different distribution)

:::

::: danger

If you are trying to use a Virtual Machine software of some sort from Windows (e.g. Virtualbox, VMWare, Windows Subsystem for Linux, etc) you will not succeed with following this guide.

:::

::: warning

If you are using a computer with an AMD Ryzen CPU, you will likely run into issues. If you do run into issues, you should use a Mac or a computer with an Intel CPU to follow this guide.

:::

### Installing palera1n

::: warning

If you are using a USB-C to Lightning cable to do this process, you may run into issues entering into DFU mode

If you do have issues, get a USB-A to Lightning cable and, if necessary, also get a USB-C to USB-A adapter.

:::

1. Open up a terminal window
1. Run `sudo systemctl stop usbmuxd`
1. Run `sudo usbmuxd -f -p`
1. Open up another terminal window
1. Run `sudo /bin/sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://static.palera.in/scripts/install.sh)"`

### Running palera1n

1. Run `sudo palera1n`
    - Make sure your device is plugged in when entering this command
1. When ready, press `Enter` and follow the on screen instructions to enter <router-link to="/faq/#what-is-dfu-mode">DFU mode</router-link>.

::: tip

A9(X) and earlier devices have an issue where they will get stuck midway through this process in pongoOS. To work around this issue, you'll need to do the following:

1. In the terminal window, press `Control` + `C` on your keyboard
1. Rerun the command that you just ran

You'll need to do this every time you rejailbreak your device as well.

:::

::::

::::::

Once the device boots up, open the palera1n loader app and tap `Sileo`. After a bit of time, you'll be prompted to set a passcode for using command line stuff, and then afterwards,`Sileo` should be on your home screen.

::: tip

To rejailbreak your device, simply rerun the command you just ran and then repeat any other applicable steps.

:::
