docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-p0sixspwn.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing p0sixspwn
description: Guide to installing p0sixspwn
permalink: /installing-p0sixspwn
redirect_from:
  - /installing-posixpwn
  - /p0sixpwn
  - /posixpwn
  - /p0
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: cydia
extra_contributors:
  - TheHacker894
  - Midnight145
---

p0sixspwn is capable of jailbreaking every iOS device on firmware version 6.1.3 up to 6.1.6

p0sixspwn is an [untethered](/types-of-jailbreak/#untethered-jailbreaks) jailbreak meaning that it survives a reboot and can cause a permanent bootloop if something goes wrong. If you encounter a bootloop, restore your device via iTunes, Finder (macOS Catalina and newer) or FutureRestore

You will need a computer running macOS 10.12 Sierra or older or Windows XP or newer. Wine will not work.

![A screenshot of p0sixspwn (Windows)](/assets/images/p0sixspwn-win.png)

::::: tabs

:::: tab name="macOS Sierra or older" :default="true"

1. Download the latest version of [p0sixspwn](https://ih8sn0w.com/p0sixspwn.html)
1. Unzip p0sixspwn
1. Run p0sixspwn
    - Right click and click `Open`
1. Connect your iOS Device over to USB to your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Click `Jailbreak` on p0sixspwn
    - Jailbreaking may take a while, please be patient and do not let your computer go to sleep mode

::::

:::: tab name="macOS High Sierra and newer"

1. Download the [custom version of p0sixspwn updated for modern macOS](https://archive.org/download/p0sixspwn-modernmacOS/p0sixspwn%206.1.6%20test.zip)
1. Unzip the ZIP file
1. Open Terminal (can be found in `Applications/Utilities/`)
1. Navigate to the extracted zip folder with `cd`
1. Run `./p0sixspwn.tool` from the p0sixspwn folder
    - If you receive an error `“pris0nbarake” cannot be opened because the developer cannot be verified.` or anything similar, run `sudo xattr -c *` in the p0sixspwn folder and then run `./p0sixspwn.tool` again.
1. Connect your iOS Device over to USB to your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Click `Jailbreak` on p0sixspwn
    - Jailbreaking may take a while, please be patient and do not let your computer go to sleep mode

::::

:::: tab name="Windows"

1. Check your iTunes version, if it is 11.1.4 or lower, you can skip steps 2-4
    - You can check by opening iTunes, clicking `Help`, then clicking `About`
1. Press `Windows Key+R` to open the Run dialog, then type `appwiz.cpl`
1. Uninstall everything published by `Apple Inc.`
    - You can find them easier if you sort by publisher
    - The amount of applications may vary, make sure you remove all of them
    - If you are prompted to restart your computer, dismiss the dialog
1. After all programs have been uninstalled, restart your computer
1. Download iTunes version 11.1.5
    - [64-bit](https://secure-appldnld.apple.com/iTunes11/031-3482.20140225.kdX8s/iTunes64Setup.exe)
    - [32-bit](https://secure-appldnld.apple.com/iTunes11/031-3481.20140225.SdYYY/iTunesSetup.exe)
1. Install iTunes, then restart your computer if prompted
1. Download the latest version of [p0sixspwn](https://ih8sn0w.com/p0sixspwn.html)
1. Unzip p0sixspwn

::: tip

For Windows 10 and later, you will need to set compatibility mode for the p0sixspwn application to Windows XP SP3
1. Right click on `p0sixspwn-1.0.8.exe`
1. Select `Properties`
1. Go to the `Compatibility` tab
1. Tick the checkbox in `Compatibilty mode`
1. Set the drop down box to `Windows XP (Service Pack 3)`
1. Click `Apply`, then `OK`

:::

9. Run p0sixspwn
10. Connect your iOS Device over to USB to your computer
      - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
11. Click `Jailbreak` on p0sixspwn
      - Jailbreaking may take a while, please be patient and do not let your computer go to sleep mode

::: tip

After jailbreaking is complete, install the latest version of iTunes to avoid library issues
 - Windows XP and Windows Vista (12.1.3):
    - [64-bit](https://secure-appldnld.apple.com/itunes12/031-34005-20150916-98D38F1E-5C11-11E5-A6AD-C05A6DA99CB1/iTunes6464Setup.exe)
    - [32-bit](https://secure-appldnld.apple.com/itunes12/031-34002-20150916-98D32A92-5C11-11E5-80AC-C25A6DA99CB1/iTunesSetup.exe)
 - Windows 7 and later (select Windows 8 if you are on Windows 7):
    - [Apple Support article](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT210384)

:::

::::

:::::

::: tip

Be sure to use an MFI-certified 30-pin or lightning connector for highest chances of success

:::

You should now be jailbroken with Cydia installed on your home screen. You can use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

Commit message:

[MAJOR] Add updating certs to all <=9.x guides
iOS 9 and earlier have expired certificates that no longer work as-is. This breaks many websites/repositories (as well as on iOS 6(?) and earlier, Cydia itself).

Luckily, there are websites which include updated certs for these older devices.

Note that the flow varies based on situation:
- WebKit jailbreaks: list as section 1
- WebKit re-jailbreaks: list after jailbreak is installed, but before any further steps are done
- post-jailbreak untether installation/updating: list after jailbreak is installed, but before untether steps are started
- all other cases: list after all other steps are complete

docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-p0sixspwn.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing p0sixspwn
description: Guide to installing p0sixspwn
permalink: /installing-p0sixspwn
redirect_from:
  - /installing-posixpwn
  - /p0sixpwn
  - /posixpwn
  - /p0
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: cydia
extra_contributors:
  - TheHacker894
  - Midnight145
---

p0sixspwn is capable of jailbreaking every iOS device on firmware version 6.1.3 up to 6.1.6

p0sixspwn is an [untethered](/types-of-jailbreak/#untethered-jailbreaks) jailbreak meaning that it survives a reboot and can cause a permanent bootloop if something goes wrong. If you encounter a bootloop, restore your device via iTunes, Finder (macOS Catalina and newer) or FutureRestore

You will need a computer running macOS 10.12 Sierra or older or Windows XP or newer. Wine will not work.

![A screenshot of p0sixspwn (Windows)](/assets/images/p0sixspwn-win.png)

::::: tabs

:::: tab name="macOS Sierra or older" :default="true"

1. Download the latest version of [p0sixspwn](https://ih8sn0w.com/p0sixspwn.html)
1. Unzip p0sixspwn
1. Run p0sixspwn
    - Right click and click `Open`
1. Connect your iOS Device over to USB to your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Click `Jailbreak` on p0sixspwn
    - Jailbreaking may take a while, please be patient and do not let your computer go to sleep mode

::::

:::: tab name="macOS High Sierra and newer"

1. Download the [custom version of p0sixspwn updated for modern macOS](https://archive.org/download/p0sixspwn-modernmacOS/p0sixspwn%206.1.6%20test.zip)
1. Unzip the ZIP file
1. Open Terminal (can be found in `Applications/Utilities/`)
1. Navigate to the extracted zip folder with `cd`
1. Run `./p0sixspwn.tool` from the p0sixspwn folder
    - If you receive an error `“pris0nbarake” cannot be opened because the developer cannot be verified.` or anything similar, run `sudo xattr -c *` in the p0sixspwn folder and then run `./p0sixspwn.tool` again.
1. Connect your iOS Device over to USB to your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Click `Jailbreak` on p0sixspwn
    - Jailbreaking may take a while, please be patient and do not let your computer go to sleep mode

::::

:::: tab name="Windows"

1. Check your iTunes version, if it is 11.1.4 or lower, you can skip steps 2-4
    - You can check by opening iTunes, clicking `Help`, then clicking `About`
1. Press `Windows Key+R` to open the Run dialog, then type `appwiz.cpl`
1. Uninstall everything published by `Apple Inc.`
    - You can find them easier if you sort by publisher
    - The amount of applications may vary, make sure you remove all of them
    - If you are prompted to restart your computer, dismiss the dialog
1. After all programs have been uninstalled, restart your computer
1. Download iTunes version 11.1.5
    - [64-bit](https://secure-appldnld.apple.com/iTunes11/031-3482.20140225.kdX8s/iTunes64Setup.exe)
    - [32-bit](https://secure-appldnld.apple.com/iTunes11/031-3481.20140225.SdYYY/iTunesSetup.exe)
1. Install iTunes, then restart your computer if prompted
1. Download the latest version of [p0sixspwn](https://ih8sn0w.com/p0sixspwn.html)
1. Unzip p0sixspwn

::: tip

For Windows 10 and later, you will need to set compatibility mode for the p0sixspwn application to Windows XP SP3
1. Right click on `p0sixspwn-1.0.8.exe`
1. Select `Properties`
1. Go to the `Compatibility` tab
1. Tick the checkbox in `Compatibilty mode`
1. Set the drop down box to `Windows XP (Service Pack 3)`
1. Click `Apply`, then `OK`

:::

9. Run p0sixspwn
1. Connect your iOS Device over to USB to your computer
      - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Click `Jailbreak` on p0sixspwn
      - Jailbreaking may take a while, please be patient and do not let your computer go to sleep mode

::: tip

After jailbreaking is complete, install the latest version of iTunes to avoid library issues
 - Windows XP and Windows Vista (12.1.3):
    - [64-bit](https://secure-appldnld.apple.com/itunes12/031-34005-20150916-98D38F1E-5C11-11E5-A6AD-C05A6DA99CB1/iTunes6464Setup.exe)
    - [32-bit](https://secure-appldnld.apple.com/itunes12/031-34002-20150916-98D32A92-5C11-11E5-80AC-C25A6DA99CB1/iTunesSetup.exe)
 - Windows 7 and later (select Windows 8 if you are on Windows 7):
    - [Apple Support article](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT210384)

:::

::::

:::::

::: tip

Be sure to use an MFI-certified 30-pin or lightning connector for highest chances of success

:::

You should now be jailbroken with Cydia installed on your home screen. You can use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

## Updating Certificates

::: warning

While this section is *technically* optional, many modern repositories **will not work** without these updated certificates.

:::

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the [http://tlsroot.litten.ca](http://tlsroot.litten.ca) website
1. Tap `Signed iOS Bundle (iOS 5+)`
1. Tap `Install` -> `Install` -> `Install` -> Done
