docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-palera1n-rootless.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing palera1n (Rootless)
description: Guide to installing rootless palera1n
permalink: /installing-palera1n-rootless
pkgman: sileo
extra_contributors:
  - Mineek
  - nebula
---

palera1n is a work-in-progress jailbreak that patches the kernel so you can use Sileo and install tweaks. Currently, palera1n is compatible with A11 (iPhone X) and earlier devices on iOS 15.0 to 16.3.1, with some major caveats.

On A11 devices, you **must disable your passcode** and will not be able to use your passcode, or other SEP functionality, until you boot into a stock iOS state. SEP functionality includes things such as a passcode, Face ID/Touch ID, and Apple Pay. 

Additionally, if your device is an A11 device on iOS 16 and you've set a passcode before, you will need to **erase all content and settings** in order to be able to jailbreak.

::: tip

If you are using Windows, you should follow <router-link to="/using-palen1x-rootless">Using palen1x (Rootless)</router-link> instead.

:::

## Downloads

The version of [palera1n](https://github.com/palera1n/palera1n/releases) for your OS.
  - macOS users should generally get `palera1n-macos-universal`
  - Linux users should get whichever version corresponds to the architecture of the computer you're using

## Installing the jailbreak

Please select your operating system:

:::::: tabs

:::: tab name="macOS" :default="true"

### Installing palera1n

1. Open a terminal window and `cd` to the directory that palera1n was downloaded to.
1. Run `sudo mkdir /usr/local/bin`
    - If you get a message saying `mkdir: /usr/local/bin: File exists`, this is safe to ignore.
1. Run `sudo mv ./palera1n-macos-universal /usr/local/bin/palera1n`
    - Replace `./palera1n-macos-universal` with whatever version you downloaded
1. Run `sudo xattr -c /usr/local/bin/palera1n`
1. Run `sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/palera1n`

### Running palera1n

::: warning

If you are using a USB-C to Lightning cable to do this process, you may run into issues entering into DFU mode

If you do have issues, get a USB-A to Lightning cable and, if necessary, also get a USB-C to USB-A adapter.

:::

::: tip

If you're using an Apple Silicon Mac and using a USB-C port to plug your cable/adapter into, you'll need to unplug and replug the device after `Checkmate!` appears in the logs.

:::

1. Run `palera1n`
    - Make sure your device is plugged in when entering this command
1. When ready, press `Enter` and follow the on screen instructions to enter <router-link to="/faq/#what-is-dfu-mode">DFU mode</router-link>.

::: tip

A9(X) and earlier devices have an issue where they will get stuck midway through this process in pongoOS. To work around this issue, you'll need to do the following:

1. In the terminal window, press `Control` + `C` on your keyboard
1. Rerun the command that you just ran

You'll need to do this every time you rejailbreak your device as well.

:::

::::

:::: tab name="Linux"

::: danger

If you are trying to use a Virtual Machine software of some sort from Windows (e.g. Virtualbox, VMWare, Windows Subsystem for Linux, etc) you will not succeed with following this guide.

:::

::: warning

If you are using a computer with an AMD Ryzen CPU, you will likely run into issues. If you do run into issues, you should use a Mac or a computer with an Intel CPU to follow this guide.

:::

### Installing palera1n

::: warning

If you are using a USB-C to Lightning cable to do this process, you may run into issues entering into DFU mode

If you do have issues, get a USB-A to Lightning cable and, if necessary, also get a USB-C to USB-A adapter.

:::

1. Open up a terminal window
1. Run `sudo systemctl stop usbmuxd`
1. Run `sudo usbmuxd -f -p`
1. Open up a new terminal window and `cd` to the directory that palera1n was downloaded to.
1. Run `sudo mv ./palera1n-linux-* /usr/bin/palera1n`
1. Run `sudo chmod +x /usr/bin/palera1n`

### Running palera1n

1. Run `sudo palera1n`
    - Make sure your device is plugged in when entering this command
1. When ready, press `Enter` and follow the on screen instructions to enter <router-link to="/faq/#what-is-dfu-mode">DFU mode</router-link>.

::: tip

A9(X) and earlier devices have an issue where they will get stuck midway through this process in pongoOS. To work around this issue, you'll need to do the following:

1. In the terminal window, press `Control` + `C` on your keyboard
1. Rerun the command that you just ran

You'll need to do this every time you rejailbreak your device as well.

:::

::::

::::::

Once the device boots up, open the palera1n loader app and tap `Install`. After a bit of time, you'll be prompted to respring and `Sileo` should be on your home screen.

::: tip

To rejailbreak your device, simply rerun the command you just ran and then repeat any other applicable steps.

:::

Commit message:

Some additions/improvements to palera1n guides
General:
- Added mention of default downloads directory

macOS-specific:
- Added instructions to enable Full Disk Access for Terminal (fixes "No
  such file or directory" error with the `sudo mv` command)
- Added instructions to install the correct version of `xattr` on macOS
  Monterey 12.2.1 and below
- Updated to use `mkdir -p` to silence "File exists" error so we don't
  have to tell the user that it's safe to ignore

docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-palera1n-rootless.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing palera1n (Rootless)
description: Guide to installing rootless palera1n
permalink: /installing-palera1n-rootless
pkgman: sileo
extra_contributors:
  - Mineek
  - nebula
---

palera1n is a work-in-progress jailbreak that patches the kernel so you can use Sileo and install tweaks. Currently, palera1n is compatible with A11 (iPhone X) and earlier devices on iOS 15.0 to 16.3.1, with some major caveats.

On A11 devices, you **must disable your passcode** and will not be able to use your passcode, or other SEP functionality, until you boot into a stock iOS state. SEP functionality includes things such as a passcode, Face ID/Touch ID, and Apple Pay. 

Additionally, if your device is an A11 device on iOS 16 and you've set a passcode before, you will need to **erase all content and settings** in order to be able to jailbreak.

::: tip

If you are using Windows, you should follow <router-link to="/using-palen1x-rootless">Using palen1x (Rootless)</router-link> instead.

:::

## Downloads

The version of [palera1n](https://github.com/palera1n/palera1n/releases) for your OS.
  - macOS users should generally get `palera1n-macos-universal`
  - Linux users should get whichever version corresponds to the architecture of the computer you're using

## Installing the jailbreak

Please select your operating system:

:::::: tabs

:::: tab name="macOS" :default="true"

### Installing palera1n

1. Enable Full Disk Access for Terminal (this only has to be done once)
   * macOS Monterey and below: System Preferences → Security & Privacy → Privacy → Full Disk Access
   * macOS Ventura and above: System Settings → Privacy & Security → Full Disk Access

   If Terminal does not show up in the list, click the plus icon and select it from Applications → Utilities.
1. If you are on macOS Monterey 12.2.1 or below, run the following commands (this only has to be done once):
   ```
   sudo python -m ensurepip
   sudo python -m pip install setuptools xattr==0.6.4
   ```
1. Open a terminal window and `cd` to the directory that palera1n was downloaded to (usually `cd ~/Downloads`).
1. Run `sudo mkdir -p /usr/local/bin`
1. Run `sudo mv ./palera1n-macos-universal /usr/local/bin/palera1n`
    - Replace `./palera1n-macos-universal` with whatever version you downloaded
1. Run `sudo xattr -c /usr/local/bin/palera1n`
1. Run `sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/palera1n`

### Running palera1n

::: warning

If you are using a USB-C to Lightning cable to do this process, you may run into issues entering into DFU mode

If you do have issues, get a USB-A to Lightning cable and, if necessary, also get a USB-C to USB-A adapter.

:::

::: tip

If you're using an Apple Silicon Mac and using a USB-C port to plug your cable/adapter into, you'll need to unplug and replug the device after `Checkmate!` appears in the logs.

:::

1. Run `palera1n`
    - Make sure your device is plugged in when entering this command
1. When ready, press `Enter` and follow the on screen instructions to enter <router-link to="/faq/#what-is-dfu-mode">DFU mode</router-link>.

::: tip

A9(X) and earlier devices have an issue where they will get stuck midway through this process in pongoOS. To work around this issue, you'll need to do the following:

1. In the terminal window, press `Control` + `C` on your keyboard
1. Rerun the command that you just ran

You'll need to do this every time you rejailbreak your device as well.

:::

::::

:::: tab name="Linux"

::: danger

If you are trying to use a Virtual Machine software of some sort from Windows (e.g. Virtualbox, VMWare, Windows Subsystem for Linux, etc) you will not succeed with following this guide.

:::

::: warning

If you are using a computer with an AMD Ryzen CPU, you will likely run into issues. If you do run into issues, you should use a Mac or a computer with an Intel CPU to follow this guide.

:::

### Installing palera1n

::: warning

If you are using a USB-C to Lightning cable to do this process, you may run into issues entering into DFU mode

If you do have issues, get a USB-A to Lightning cable and, if necessary, also get a USB-C to USB-A adapter.

:::

1. Open up a terminal window
1. Run `sudo systemctl stop usbmuxd`
1. Run `sudo usbmuxd -f -p`
1. Open up a new terminal window and `cd` to the directory that palera1n was downloaded to (usually `cd ~/Downloads`).
1. Run `sudo mv ./palera1n-linux-* /usr/bin/palera1n`
1. Run `sudo chmod +x /usr/bin/palera1n`

### Running palera1n

1. Run `sudo palera1n`
    - Make sure your device is plugged in when entering this command
1. When ready, press `Enter` and follow the on screen instructions to enter <router-link to="/faq/#what-is-dfu-mode">DFU mode</router-link>.

::: tip

A9(X) and earlier devices have an issue where they will get stuck midway through this process in pongoOS. To work around this issue, you'll need to do the following:

1. In the terminal window, press `Control` + `C` on your keyboard
1. Rerun the command that you just ran

You'll need to do this every time you rejailbreak your device as well.

:::

::::

::::::

Once the device boots up, open the palera1n loader app and tap `Install`. After a bit of time, you'll be prompted to respring and `Sileo` should be on your home screen.

::: tip

To rejailbreak your device, simply rerun the command you just ran and then repeat any other applicable steps.

:::
