docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-socket.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing Socket
description: Guide to installing Socket
permalink: /installing-socket
redirect_from:
  - /socket
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: zebra
extra_contributors:
  - hopolapopola
  - staturnz
---

Socket is capable of jailbreaking every 32-bit iOS device on firmware version 10.0.1 up to 10.3.4.

Note that the Socket jailbreak is not “persistent” (meaning it does not remain installed after a reboot). You will need to re-run the exploit after every reboot. You will be instructed on how to do this.

Due to how custom applications are installed to the device, in most cases you will need to reinstall the Socket jailbreak application to your device every 7 days from your computer.

We will use PlumeImpactor to install the application to your device.

## Downloads
<div class="custom-container tip" id="ifJailbreaksAppSigned"><p>
Socket is currently signed at <a href="https://jailbreaks.app/legacy.html" target="_blank">jailbreaks.app</a> for easy installation without a computer.
</p></div>

- The latest version of [Socket](https://socket-jb.app)
- The latest version of [PlumeImpactor](https://github.com/khcrysalis/PlumeImpactor/releases/latest)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win64) if on Windows.

## Installing the application

1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Open PlumeImpactor
1. Go to `Settings` -> `Sign In`
1. Enter in your Apple Account and Password
1. Close the Settings and Sign In windows
1. Drag and drop the Socket `.ipa` file into PlumeImpactor
1. Click `Install`

The app will now install to your iOS device.

## Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple Account>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple Account>"`

The Socket application can now be opened from home screen.

## Running Socket

1. Open the Socket application from your home screen
1. Tap "Jailbreak"

::: warning

If your device crashes or restarts unexpectedly and the jailbreak isn't installed, simply try running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

You should now be jailbroken with Zebra installed on your home screen. You can use Zebra to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

Commit message:

Switch to LukeZGD's fork for Socket
This switches the guide to recommending LukeZGD's fork for Socket, as this fork has an updated Zebra, which makes using it in 2025 far easier than with the current release of Socket.

While I would hope that we see [32-bit iOS 10 untethered jailbreak] in the future, this is still important until that can be released.

Note for anyone reading this: staturnz has given permission for this to be listed as the primary Socket ipa on the guide.

docs/en_US/jailbreak/installing-socket.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing Socket
description: Guide to installing Socket
permalink: /installing-socket
redirect_from:
  - /socket
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: zebra
extra_contributors:
  - hopolapopola
  - staturnz
---

Socket is capable of jailbreaking every 32-bit iOS device on firmware version 10.0.1 up to 10.3.4.

Note that the Socket jailbreak is not “persistent” (meaning it does not remain installed after a reboot). You will need to re-run the exploit after every reboot. You will be instructed on how to do this.

Due to how custom applications are installed to the device, in most cases you will need to reinstall the Socket jailbreak application to your device every 7 days from your computer.

We will use PlumeImpactor to install the application to your device.

## Downloads
<div class="custom-container tip" id="ifJailbreaksAppSigned"><p>
Socket is currently signed at <a href="https://jailbreaks.app/legacy.html" target="_blank">jailbreaks.app</a> for easy installation without a computer.
</p></div>

- The latest version of LukeZGD's fork of [Socket](https://github.com/LukeZGD/socket/releases)
- The latest version of [PlumeImpactor](https://github.com/khcrysalis/PlumeImpactor/releases/latest)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win64) if on Windows.

::: warning

The unofficial fork of Socket is recommended, as the latest official version of Socket ships with an older version of Zebra, which - due to various changes surrounding the implementation of rootless for iOS 15 and later - is rather annoying to use or update in recent years.

If you are not comfortable using an unofficial fork, you can use the latest official version of [Socket](https://socket-jb.app) instead.

:::

## Installing the application

1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Open PlumeImpactor
1. Go to `Settings` -> `Sign In`
1. Enter in your Apple Account and Password
1. Close the Settings and Sign In windows
1. Drag and drop the Socket `.ipa` file into PlumeImpactor
1. Click `Install`

The app will now install to your iOS device.

## Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple Account>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple Account>"`

The Socket application can now be opened from home screen.

## Running Socket

1. Open the Socket application from your home screen
1. Tap "Jailbreak"

::: warning

If your device crashes or restarts unexpectedly and the jailbreak isn't installed, simply try running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

You should now be jailbroken with Zebra installed on your home screen. You can use Zebra to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.
