docs/en_US/jailbreak/using-lyncis.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Using Lyncis
description: Guide to using Lyncis
permalink: /using-lyncis
redirect_from:
  - /installing-lyncis
  - /lyncis
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: cydia
---

Lyncis is a webkit-based jailbreak that is capable of doing an untethered jailbreak on 32-bit iOS devices on firmware version 7.1 to 7.1.2.

::: warning

If you have just restored your device, reboot once prior to continuing, or you may run into issues.

:::

::: warning

If you are using a 64-bit device, you should follow <router-link to="/installing-pangu7">Installing pangu7</router-link> instead.

:::

## Running Lyncis

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the Lyncis website ([https://lyncisjb.com](https://lyncisjb.com))
1. Tap "Jailbreak"

::: warning

If your device crashes or restarts unexpectedly and the jailbreak isn't installed, simply try running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

You should now be jailbroken with Cydia installed on your home screen. You can use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

## Migrating to pangu7

::: warning

While this section is optional, if you are intending on using **AppSync Unified**, or run into strange issues with Lyncis, it is highly recommended to follow this section.

:::

### Installing Pangu7 Migrator

1. Open Cydia
1. Tap `Complete Upgrade`, then `Confirm`
1. Once Cydia has completed upgrading all packages, tap `Return to Cydia`
1. Open the Sources tab
1. Tap `Edit` then `Add`
1. Type in `http://lukezgd.github.io/repo` and then tap `Add source` 
1. Tap on the `LukeZGD's Repo` source
1. Tap on `System` then `Pangu7 Migrator` 
1. Tap `Install` then `Confirm`
1. Once it has completed installing, tap `Reboot Device`

After the device has rebooted, the `Pangu7 Migrator` package will need to be removed to complete the migration

### Removing Pangu7 Migrator

1. Unlock the device
1. Open Cydia
1. Open the Installed tab
1. Tap on `Pangu7 Migrator`
1. Tap `Modify` then `Remove`
1. Tap `Confirm`

Pangu7 Migrator has been removed, and you have successfully migrated to the pangu7 untether.

Commit message:

[MAJOR] Add updating certs to all <=9.x guides
iOS 9 and earlier have expired certificates that no longer work as-is. This breaks many websites/repositories (as well as on iOS 6(?) and earlier, Cydia itself).

Luckily, there are websites which include updated certs for these older devices.

Note that the flow varies based on situation:
- WebKit jailbreaks: list as section 1
- WebKit re-jailbreaks: list after jailbreak is installed, but before any further steps are done
- post-jailbreak untether installation/updating: list after jailbreak is installed, but before untether steps are started
- all other cases: list after all other steps are complete

docs/en_US/jailbreak/using-lyncis.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Using Lyncis
description: Guide to using Lyncis
permalink: /using-lyncis
redirect_from:
  - /installing-lyncis
  - /lyncis
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: cydia
---

Lyncis is a webkit-based jailbreak that is capable of doing an untethered jailbreak on 32-bit iOS devices on firmware version 7.1 to 7.1.2.

::: warning

If you have just restored your device, reboot once prior to continuing, or you may run into issues.

:::

::: warning

If you are using a 64-bit device, you should follow <router-link to="/installing-pangu7">Installing pangu7</router-link> instead.

:::

## Updating Certificates

::: warning

While this section is *technically* optional, many modern repositories **will not work** without these updated certificates.

:::

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the [http://tlsroot.litten.ca](http://tlsroot.litten.ca) website
1. Tap `Signed iOS Bundle (iOS 5+)`
1. Tap `Install` -> `Install` -> `Install` -> Done

## Running Lyncis

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the Lyncis website ([https://lyncisjb.com](https://lyncisjb.com))
1. Tap "Jailbreak"

::: warning

If your device crashes or restarts unexpectedly and the jailbreak isn't installed, simply try running the exploit again until it does work.

:::

You should now be jailbroken with Cydia installed on your home screen. You can use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

## Migrating to pangu7

::: warning

While this section is optional, if you are intending on using **AppSync Unified**, or run into strange issues with Lyncis, it is highly recommended to follow this section.

:::

### Installing Pangu7 Migrator

1. Open Cydia
1. Tap `Complete Upgrade`, then `Confirm`
1. Once Cydia has completed upgrading all packages, tap `Return to Cydia`
1. Open the Sources tab
1. Tap `Edit` then `Add`
1. Type in `http://lukezgd.github.io/repo` and then tap `Add source` 
1. Tap on the `LukeZGD's Repo` source
1. Tap on `System` then `Pangu7 Migrator` 
1. Tap `Install` then `Confirm`
1. Once it has completed installing, tap `Reboot Device`

After the device has rebooted, the `Pangu7 Migrator` package will need to be removed to complete the migration

### Removing Pangu7 Migrator

1. Unlock the device
1. Open Cydia
1. Open the Installed tab
1. Tap on `Pangu7 Migrator`
1. Tap `Modify` then `Remove`
1. Tap `Confirm`

Pangu7 Migrator has been removed, and you have successfully migrated to the pangu7 untether.
