docs/en_US/jailbreak/using-jailbreakme-star.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Using JailbreakMe Star
description: Guide to using JailbreakMe (Star)
permalink: /using-jailbreakme-star
redirect_from:
  - /installing-jailbreakme-star
  - /installing-star
  - /star
  - /jailbreakme-star
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: cydia
extra_contributors:
  - WhitetailAni
---

JailbreakMe Star is capable of jailbreaking every device on iPhone OS 3.1.2 to 3.2.1.

JailbreakMe Star is an untethered jailbreak meaning that it survives a reboot and can cause a permanent bootloop if something goes wrong. If you encounter a bootloop, restore your device via iTunes, Finder (macOS Catalina and newer) or FutureRestore.

## Running JailbreakMe Star

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the [jailbreakme.com](http://jailbreakme.com) website
1. Slide to the right on "Slide to Jailbreak"

After a couple of minutes, Cydia should be installed on your home screen.

## Patching Cydia

1. Open Cydia and select `Developer (No Filters)`
1. Wait for data to reload (May take a very long time, ensure device does not go to sleep)
1. When prompted about essential upgrades, select `Complete Upgrade` (Again, ensure device does not go to sleep)
1. Once done, tap `Close Cydia (Restart)`
1. After Cydia has restarted, wait for it to reload data and **ignore any errors about untrusted server certificates**
1. Go to the sources tab, tap `Edit`, then `Add`
1. Type in `http://cydia.invoxiplaygames.uk/`, and wait until `Close` appears in the top righthand corner
1. Tap on the newly added `IPG's Cydia Repo`, then tap `Tweaks`, then find `Cydia HTTPatch`
1. Tap `Install`, then `Confirm`, then wait until `Close` appears in the top righthand corner
1. Cydia will close, and should now be fully patched.

You can now use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

Commit message:

[MAJOR] Add updating certs to all <=9.x guides
iOS 9 and earlier have expired certificates that no longer work as-is. This breaks many websites/repositories (as well as on iOS 6(?) and earlier, Cydia itself).

Luckily, there are websites which include updated certs for these older devices.

Note that the flow varies based on situation:
- WebKit jailbreaks: list as section 1
- WebKit re-jailbreaks: list after jailbreak is installed, but before any further steps are done
- post-jailbreak untether installation/updating: list after jailbreak is installed, but before untether steps are started
- all other cases: list after all other steps are complete

docs/en_US/jailbreak/using-jailbreakme-star.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Using JailbreakMe Star
description: Guide to using JailbreakMe (Star)
permalink: /using-jailbreakme-star
redirect_from:
  - /installing-jailbreakme-star
  - /installing-star
  - /star
  - /jailbreakme-star
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: cydia
extra_contributors:
  - WhitetailAni
---

JailbreakMe Star is capable of jailbreaking every device on iPhone OS 3.1.2 to 3.2.1.

JailbreakMe Star is an untethered jailbreak meaning that it survives a reboot and can cause a permanent bootloop if something goes wrong. If you encounter a bootloop, restore your device via iTunes or Finder (macOS Catalina and newer).

## Updating Certificates

::: warning

While this section is *technically* optional, many modern repositories **will not work** without these updated certificates.

:::

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the [http://tlsroot.litten.ca](http://tlsroot.litten.ca) website
1. Tap `Unsigned iOS Bundle`
1. Tap `Install` -> `Install` -> `Install` -> Done

## Running JailbreakMe Star

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the [jailbreakme.com](http://jailbreakme.com) website
1. Slide to the right on "Slide to Jailbreak"

After a couple of minutes, Cydia should be installed on your home screen.

## Patching Cydia

1. Open Cydia and select `Developer (No Filters)`
1. Wait for data to reload (May take a very long time, ensure device does not go to sleep)
1. When prompted about essential upgrades, select `Complete Upgrade` (Again, ensure device does not go to sleep)
1. Once done, tap `Close Cydia (Restart)`
1. After Cydia has restarted, wait for it to reload data and **ignore any errors about untrusted server certificates**
1. Go to the sources tab, tap `Edit`, then `Add`
1. Type in `http://cydia.invoxiplaygames.uk/`, and wait until `Close` appears in the top righthand corner
1. Tap on the newly added `IPG's Cydia Repo`, then tap `Tweaks`, then find `Cydia HTTPatch`
1. Tap `Install`, then `Confirm`, then wait until `Close` appears in the top righthand corner
1. Cydia will close, and should now be fully patched.

You can now use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.
