docs/en_US/jailbreak/using-carbon.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Using Carbon
description: Guide to using Carbon
permalink: /using-carbon
redirect_from:
  - /installing-carbon
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: cydia
extra_contributors:
  - TheHacker894
---

Carbon is a WebKit-based jailbreak capable of jailbreaking every 32-bit iOS device on firmware versions 8.0 to 9.3.6.

Note that the Carbon jailbreak is only untethered on firmware versions 8.0 to 9.3.4. If you're on firmware versions 9.3.5 or 9.3.6, you will need to re-run the exploit after every reboot. You will be instructed on how to do this.

## Running Carbon

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to [http://carbon.sep.lol](http://carbon.sep.lol) website
1. Press "Run"
   - If the device reboots or the page refreshes, and you don't end up in a jailbroken state, try again.

Carbon will now jailbreak your device. 

To rejailbreak in the future, repeat these steps again.

::: tip

Tap `Share` -> `Add to home screen` for easier access to Carbon.

:::

You should now be jailbroken with Cydia installed on your home screen. You can use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

::: tip

If you wish to use a more modern package manager, and are on iOS 9, continue to <router-link to="/installing-zebra">Installing Zebra</router-link>

:::

Commit message:

[MAJOR] Add updating certs to all <=9.x guides
iOS 9 and earlier have expired certificates that no longer work as-is. This breaks many websites/repositories (as well as on iOS 6(?) and earlier, Cydia itself).

Luckily, there are websites which include updated certs for these older devices.

Note that the flow varies based on situation:
- WebKit jailbreaks: list as section 1
- WebKit re-jailbreaks: list after jailbreak is installed, but before any further steps are done
- post-jailbreak untether installation/updating: list after jailbreak is installed, but before untether steps are started
- all other cases: list after all other steps are complete

docs/en_US/jailbreak/using-carbon.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Using Carbon
description: Guide to using Carbon
permalink: /using-carbon
redirect_from:
  - /installing-carbon
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: cydia
extra_contributors:
  - TheHacker894
---

Carbon is a WebKit-based jailbreak capable of jailbreaking every 32-bit iOS device on firmware versions 8.0 to 9.3.6.

Note that the Carbon jailbreak is only untethered on firmware versions 8.0 to 9.3.4. If you're on firmware versions 9.3.5 or 9.3.6, you will need to re-run the exploit after every reboot. You will be instructed on how to do this.

## Updating Certificates

::: warning

While this section is *technically* optional, many modern repositories **will not work** without these updated certificates.

:::

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the [http://carbon.sep.lol](http://carbon.sep.lol) website
1. Tap `Install certs`
1. Tap `Install` -> `Install` -> `Install` -> Done

## Running Carbon

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the [http://carbon.sep.lol](http://carbon.sep.lol) website
1. Press "Run"
   - If the device reboots or the page refreshes, and you don't end up in a jailbroken state, try again.

Carbon will now jailbreak your device. 

To rejailbreak in the future, repeat these steps again.

::: tip

Tap `Share` -> `Add to home screen` for easier access to Carbon.

:::

You should now be jailbroken with Cydia installed on your home screen. You can use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

::: tip

If you wish to use a more modern package manager, and are on iOS 9, continue to <router-link to="/installing-zebra">Installing Zebra</router-link>

:::
