docs/en_US/jailbreak/using-jailbreakme-saffron.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Using JailbreakMe Saffron
description: Guide to using JailbreakMe (Saffron)
permalink: /using-jailbreakme-saffron
redirect_from:
  - /installing-jailbreakme-saffron
  - /installing-saffron
  - /saffron
  - /jailbreakme-saffron
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: cydia
---

JailbreakMe Saffron is capable of jailbreaking every device on 4.3.3, as well as all devices except the iPad 2 on 4.3 to 4.3.2 and the iPhone 4 (CDMA) from 4.2.6 to 4.2.8.

JailbreakMe Saffron is an untethered jailbreak meaning that it survives a reboot and can cause a permanent bootloop if something goes wrong. If you encounter a bootloop, restore your device via iTunes, Finder (macOS Catalina and newer) or FutureRestore.

## Running JailbreakMe Saffron

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the [jailbreakme.com/saffron/_/](https://jailbreakme.com/saffron/_/) website
1. Tap on the latest version of the pdf for your device type, iOS version, and the iOS version's build number
    - The pdf's are formatted as (without parenthesis) `(Device Type)_(iOS version)_(Build Number)-3.pdf`
    - **Example**: iPad 2 on 4.3.3 (8J2): `iPad_4.3.3_8J2-3.pdf`

You should now be jailbroken with Cydia installed on your home screen. You can use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.

Commit message:

[MAJOR] Add updating certs to all <=9.x guides
iOS 9 and earlier have expired certificates that no longer work as-is. This breaks many websites/repositories (as well as on iOS 6(?) and earlier, Cydia itself).

Luckily, there are websites which include updated certs for these older devices.

Note that the flow varies based on situation:
- WebKit jailbreaks: list as section 1
- WebKit re-jailbreaks: list after jailbreak is installed, but before any further steps are done
- post-jailbreak untether installation/updating: list after jailbreak is installed, but before untether steps are started
- all other cases: list after all other steps are complete

docs/en_US/jailbreak/using-jailbreakme-saffron.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Using JailbreakMe Saffron
description: Guide to using JailbreakMe (Saffron)
permalink: /using-jailbreakme-saffron
redirect_from:
  - /installing-jailbreakme-saffron
  - /installing-saffron
  - /saffron
  - /jailbreakme-saffron
discordNoticeText: For support in English, ask for help on the LegacyJailbreak [Discord Server](http://discord.legacyjailbreak.com/).
pkgman: cydia
---

JailbreakMe Saffron is capable of jailbreaking every device on 4.3.3, as well as all devices except the iPad 2 on 4.3 to 4.3.2 and the iPhone 4 (CDMA) from 4.2.6 to 4.2.8.

JailbreakMe Saffron is an untethered jailbreak meaning that it survives a reboot and can cause a permanent bootloop if something goes wrong. If you encounter a bootloop, restore your device via iTunes or Finder (macOS Catalina and newer).

## Updating Certificates

::: warning

While this section is *technically* optional, many modern repositories **will not work** without these updated certificates.

:::

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the [http://tlsroot.litten.ca](http://tlsroot.litten.ca) website
1. Tap `Unsigned iOS Bundle`
1. Tap `Install` -> `Install` -> `Install` -> Done

## Running JailbreakMe Saffron

1. Open Safari on your iOS device
1. Go to the [jailbreakme.com/saffron/_/](https://jailbreakme.com/saffron/_/) website
1. Tap on the latest version of the pdf for your device type, iOS version, and the iOS version's build number
    - The pdf's are formatted as (without parenthesis) `(Device Type)_(iOS version)_(Build Number)-3.pdf`
    - **Example**: iPad 2 on 4.3.3 (8J2): `iPad_4.3.3_8J2-3.pdf`

You should now be jailbroken with Cydia installed on your home screen. You can use Cydia to install <router-link to="/faq/#what-are-tweaks">tweaks</router-link>, themes and more.
