docs/en_US/guides/trollstore/trollinstallermdc.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing TrollStore (TrollInstallerMDC)
description: Guide to installing TrollStore via TrollInstallerMDC
permalink: /installing-trollhelper-mdc
redirect_from:
extra_contributors:
  - opa334
---

## Requirements

- A device running iOS/iPadOS 15.0 to 15.7.1 or 16.0 to 16.1.2
- The Tips app installed to your device
- The latest version of [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win32) if on Windows
- The latest version of [TrollInstallerMDC](https://dhinakg.github.io/apps.html)

## Installing the application

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the TrollInstallerMDC `.ipa` file into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple ID
1. Enter in your password
    - Sideloadly must make a request to it's servers in order to work with free developer accounts. If you are not OK with this, you may use an alternate Apple ID.

The app will now install to your iOS device.

## Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple ID>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple ID>"`

The TrollInstallerMDC application can now be opened from home screen.

::: danger

If you're on iOS 16.0 to 16.1.2, you'll also need to enable Developer Mode.

To do so, go into `Settings` -> `Privacy & Security` and then scroll down until you see `Developer Mode`, tap that option, toggle Developer Mode on, and follow the on-screen instructions

:::

## Injecting TrollStore Helper

::: warning

If you've already opened Tips, reboot your device before following these steps

:::

1. Open TrollInstallerMDC
1. Once it says "Successfully replaced Tips binary", try to open the `Tips` app
    - If it gives an error, close TrollInstallerMDC and re-open it 

## Installing TrollStore

1. Unlock your device
1. Open the Tips app
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`

Your device should respring, and TrollStore should now be installed.

## Installing Persistence Helper

1. Open the `TrollStore` app on your home screen
1. Press `Settings`, then press `Install Persistence Helper`
1. Select `Tips` from the list of apps

Commit message:

jailbreaks.app now has TrollInstallerMDC

docs/en_US/guides/trollstore/trollinstallermdc.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing TrollStore (TrollInstallerMDC)
description: Guide to installing TrollStore via TrollInstallerMDC
permalink: /installing-trollhelper-mdc
redirect_from:
extra_contributors:
  - opa334
---

## Requirements

<div class="custom-container tip" id="ifJailbreaksAppSigned"><p>
TrollInstallerMDC is currently signed at <a href="https://jailbreaks.app/" target="_blank">jailbreaks.app</a> for easy installation without a computer.
</p></div>

- A device running iOS/iPadOS 15.0 to 15.7.1 or 16.0 to 16.1.2
- The Tips app installed to your device
- The latest version of [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win32) if on Windows
- The latest version of [TrollInstallerMDC](https://dhinakg.github.io/apps.html)

## Installing the application

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the TrollInstallerMDC `.ipa` file into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple ID
1. Enter in your password
    - Sideloadly must make a request to it's servers in order to work with free developer accounts. If you are not OK with this, you may use an alternate Apple ID.

The app will now install to your iOS device.

## Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple ID>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple ID>"`

The TrollInstallerMDC application can now be opened from home screen.

::: danger

If you're on iOS 16.0 to 16.1.2, you'll also need to enable Developer Mode.

To do so, go into `Settings` -> `Privacy & Security` and then scroll down until you see `Developer Mode`, tap that option, toggle Developer Mode on, and follow the on-screen instructions

:::

## Injecting TrollStore Helper

::: warning

If you've already opened Tips, reboot your device before following these steps

:::

1. Open TrollInstallerMDC
1. Once it says "Successfully replaced Tips binary", try to open the `Tips` app
    - If it gives an error, close TrollInstallerMDC and re-open it 

## Installing TrollStore

1. Unlock your device
1. Open the Tips app
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`

Your device should respring, and TrollStore should now be installed.

## Installing Persistence Helper

1. Open the `TrollStore` app on your home screen
1. Press `Settings`, then press `Install Persistence Helper`
1. Select `Tips` from the list of apps
