docs/en_US/guides/trollstore/trollmisaka.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing TrollStore (TrollMisaka)
description: Guide to installing TrollStore via TrollMisaka
permalink: /installing-trollstore-trollmisaka
sidebar: false
redirect_from:
extra_contributors:
  - opa334
---

## Requirements

- A device running iOS/iPadOS 14.0 to 15.8.2
- The Tips app installed to your device
- The latest version of [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win32) if on Windows
- The latest version of [TrollMisaka](https://github.com/straight-tamago/TrollMisaka/releases/latest)

## Installing the application

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the TrollMisaka `.ipa` file into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple ID
1. Enter in your password
    - Sideloadly must make a request to it's servers in order to work with free developer accounts. If you are not OK with this, you may use an alternate Apple ID.

The app will now install to your iOS device.

## Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple ID>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple ID>"`

The TrollMisaka application can now be opened from home screen.

## Adding a Keyboard

1. Open TrollMisaka, then exit the app *while keeping it in the app switcher*
1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Keyboard` -> `Keyboards` -> `Add New Keyboard...`
1. Select `TrollMisaka`
1. Tap `TrollMisaka`, then toggle on `Allow Full Access`, then tap `Allow`
1. Re-open TrollMisaka

After re-opening TrollMisaka, open the app switcher and then reboot your device.

::: danger

Do not fully close TrollMisaka until TrollStore is installed, or you will have to redo the entire guide from the beginning.

:::

## Injecting TrollStore Helper

::: warning

This method may take several tries in order to work successfully.

:::

1. Unlock your device
1. Immediately open `Spotlight Search` (via swipping down on the middle of the home screen)
1. Tap the globe icon on the keyboard
    - If needed, select `TrollMisaka` from the list of keyboards
1. Tap `kopen`
    - If the device reboots, try these steps again
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`
    - If the keyboard app seemingly refreshes, try again, If it fails, try again in Safari instead.

Once it says it's successful, you can continue with the next section.

## Installing TrollStore

1. Re-open the app switcher
1. Open the TrollMisaka app *from the app switcher*
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`

Your device should respring, and TrollStore should now be installed.

## Installing Persistence Helper

1. Open the `TrollStore` app on your home screen
1. Press `Settings`, then press `Install Persistence Helper`
1. Select `Tips` from the list of apps

Commit message:

TrollMisaka: update guides
- Added clarifications regarding about Windows Security
- Added options for the user to choose other puaf method
- Added other options if installation is failed due to the internet connection issue
- Added removal for TrollMisaka after succesful installation.

docs/en_US/guides/trollstore/trollmisaka.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing TrollStore (TrollMisaka)
description: Guide to installing TrollStore via TrollMisaka
permalink: /installing-trollstore-trollmisaka
sidebar: false
redirect_from:
extra_contributors:
  - opa334
---

## Requirements

- A device running iOS/iPadOS 14.0 to 15.8.2
- The Tips app installed to your device
- The latest version of [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/)
- The latest version of [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win32) if on Windows
- The latest version of [TrollMisaka](https://github.com/straight-tamago/TrollMisaka/releases/latest)

## Installing the application

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the TrollMisaka `.ipa` file into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple ID
1. Enter in your password
    - Sideloadly must make a request to it's servers in order to work with free developer accounts. If you are not OK with this, you may use an alternate Apple ID.
1. Hit start
    - If you are facing errors on any Windows system, try to temporarily disable Windows Defender/Security "Real-time protection" under Virus & Treat protection settings and try again.

The app will now install to your iOS device.

## Trusting the application

1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Device Management` -> `<Your Apple ID>`
    - Depending on your usage, `Device Management` may be labeled `Profiles and Device Management`
1. Tap `Trust "<Your Apple ID>"`

The TrollMisaka application can now be opened from home screen.

## Adding a Keyboard

1. Open TrollMisaka, then exit the app *while keeping it in the app switcher*
1. Go to `Settings` -> `General` -> `Keyboard` -> `Keyboards` -> `Add New Keyboard...`
1. Select `TrollMisaka`
1. Tap `TrollMisaka`, then toggle on `Allow Full Access`, then tap `Allow`
1. Re-open TrollMisaka

After re-opening TrollMisaka, open the app switcher and then reboot your device.

::: danger

Do not fully close TrollMisaka until TrollStore is installed, or you will have to redo the entire guide from the beginning.

:::

## Injecting TrollStore Helper

::: warning

This method may take several tries in order to work successfully.

:::

1. Unlock your device
1. Immediately open `Spotlight Search` (via swipping down on the middle of the home screen)
1. Tap the globe icon on the keyboard
    - If needed, select `TrollMisaka` from the list of keyboards
1. Tap `kopen`
    - If the device reboots, try these steps again
    - If the keyboard app seemingly refreshes, try to use other puaf method: `smith` or `physpuppet` and try again.
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`
    - Option 1: If the keyboard app seemingly refreshes, try again, If it fails, try again in Safari instead.
    - Option 2: Check internet connections, try to use other internet connections or connect tru hotspot.

::: warning

Follow the instruction after it says it's successful, do not open and fully close TrollMisaka, reboot your device first.

:::

After reboot, unlock your device and you can continue with the next section.

## Installing TrollStore

1. Re-open the app switcher
1. Open the TrollMisaka app *from the app switcher*
1. Tap `Install TrollStore`

Your device should respring, and TrollStore should now be installed.

## Installing Persistence Helper

1. Open the `TrollStore` app on your home screen
1. Press `Settings`, then press `Install Persistence Helper`
1. Select `Tips` from the list of apps

## Removal

1. You can now safely delete or remove TrollMisaka after anything.
