docs/en_US/guides/trollstore/trollhelperota.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing TrollStore (TrollHelperOTA)
description: Guide to installing TrollStore via installd bugs
permalink: /installing-trollstore-trollhelperota
sidebar: false
redirect_from:
  - /trollhelperota
  - /installing-trollinstaller2
  - /trollinstaller2
  - /installing-trollinstaller
  - /trollinstaller
  - /installing-trollstore-sshrd
  - /sshrd
  - /trollstore-sshrd
extra_contributors:
  - opa334
  - iCraze
---

::: warning

A11 and earlier devices are supported on iOS 15.0 to 15.5 beta 4 and 15.6 beta 1 to 15.6 beta 5

A12 and later devices are supported on iOS 14.0 beta 2 to 15.6.1

:::

## Installing TrollHelper

1. Open Safari
1. Depending on your device, enter one of the following url's:
    - If you're using an A12 or later device, enter [https://api.jailbreaks.app/troll64e](https://api.jailbreaks.app/troll64e)
    - If you're using an A11 or earlier device, enter [https://api.jailbreaks.app/troll](https://api.jailbreaks.app/troll)
1. Tap `Install`

An app named `GTA Car Tracker` will now install to your iOS device, though this is really just the TrollHelperOTA app.

## Installing TrollStore

1. Open the `GTA Car Tracker` app on your home screen
1. Press `Register Persistence Helper`
1. Press `Install TrollStore`
    - If your device reboots, redo these steps

TrollStore should now be installed. If it doesn't appear on the home screen, restart your device.

Commit message:

two updates
TrollInstallerX is now on jailbreaks.app
Point to a functional page for THOTA

docs/en_US/guides/trollstore/trollhelperota.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: Installing TrollStore (TrollHelperOTA)
description: Guide to installing TrollStore via installd bugs
permalink: /installing-trollstore-trollhelperota
sidebar: false
redirect_from:
  - /trollhelperota
  - /installing-trollinstaller2
  - /trollinstaller2
  - /installing-trollinstaller
  - /trollinstaller
  - /installing-trollstore-sshrd
  - /sshrd
  - /trollstore-sshrd
extra_contributors:
  - opa334
  - iCraze
---

::: warning

A11 and earlier devices are supported on iOS 15.0 to 15.5 beta 4 and 15.6 beta 1 to 15.6 beta 3

A12 and later devices are supported on iOS 14.0 beta 2 to 15.6.1 and 16.0 beta 1 to 16.0 beta 3

:::

## Installing TrollHelper

1. Open Safari
1. Open this page on your device
    - The url of this page is `https://ios.cfw.guide/installing-trollstore-trollhelperota`
1. On your device, [tap here](itms-services://?action=download-manifest&url=https://jailbreaks.app/cdn/plists/TrollHelper.plist):
    - If you're unable to access this page, type `itms-services://?action=download-manifest&url=https://jailbreaks.app/cdn/plists/TrollHelper.plist` into Safari
1. Tap `Install`

An app named `GTA Car Tracker` will now install to your iOS device, though this is really just the TrollHelperOTA app.

## Installing TrollStore

1. Open the `GTA Car Tracker` app on your home screen
1. Press `Register Persistence Helper`
1. Press `Install TrollStore`
    - If your device reboots, redo these steps

TrollStore should now be installed. If it doesn't appear on the home screen, restart your device.
