docs/en_US/guides/sideloading-apps.md, before:

---
lang: en_US
title: "Sideloading Apps"
description: Guide to using sideloading and resigning your apps with or without a computer
permalink: /sideloading-apps
redirect_from:
  - /resign
  - /resigning
  - /altstore
  - /altdaemon
  - /altserver
  - /altdeploy
  - /sideload
  - /sideloading
  - /reprovision
  - /repro
  - /reprovision-reborn
  - /sideloadly
  - /resigning-apps
extra_contributors:
  - ssalagginkool
  - TheHacker894
  - bradleytechman
---

## Required Reading

Semi-untethered jailbreaks require the use of a sideloaded app to jailbreak. Apps sideloaded with a regular Apple ID will expire after 7 days (or 365 days with a Developer Apple ID). After that period, you will no longer be able to open that app to re-jailbreak.

::: danger

If you are using iOS 16 or newer, you will need to take extra steps beforehand to open sideloaded apps:

1. Open Settings
1. Go to Privacy & Security and find the `Developer Mode` entry
1. Toggle Developer Mode on, then press `Reboot`
1. After the device reboots, unlock it, and confirm that you want to enable Developer Mode
  - If you have a passcode enabled, you'll need to enter it.

:::

## Sideloading apps

### Sideload using Sideloadly

::: tip

Sideloadly is compatible with iOS 7 and newer.

:::

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
   - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the `.ipa` file of your choice into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple ID
1. Enter in your password
    - Sideloadly must make a request to it's servers in order to work with free developer accounts. If you are not OK with this, you may use an alternate Apple ID.

### Sideload using AltStore

::: tip

AltServer is only compatible with iOS 14.0 and newer.

:::
::: tip
If you are using macOS 10.14 or 10.15 download [AltServer 1.6.2](https://f000.backblazeb2.com/file/altstore/altserver/1_6_2.zip)
:::

1. Download the latest versions [AltServer](http://altstore.io/), [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win32) if on Windows, and [iCloud](https://secure-appldnld.apple.com/windows/061-91601-20200323-974a39d0-41fc-4761-b571-318b7d9205ed/iCloudSetup.exe) if on Windows
1. Install AltServer for your respective operating system
    - On macOS 10.14 and 10.15, open the Mail app and open `Mail` -> `Preferences` in the menu bar 
    - Click on the `General` tab, the `Manage Plug-ins`, check `AltPlugin` and apply
1. Connect your iOS Device to your Mac or PC via USB
1. Click AltServer in the Menu Bar/System Tray
1. Click Install AltStore
    - Follow all onscreen prompts
    - You will be asked to enter your Apple ID. This is only sent to Apple and no one else.
1. Open Settings and navigate to `General` -> `Device Management` and verify AltStore
1. Open iTunes (Windows or macOS Mojave or older) or Finder (macOS Catalina or newer) and enable syncing over WiFi
1. Download your desired IPA file and open it in AltStore on your iOS Device.
    - Make sure your iOS Device and Mac or Windows PC are connected to the same WiFi network

## Resigning Apps

### Resigning using ReProvision Reborn

::: tip

ReProvision Reborn is compatible with iOS 9.0-14.8.1.

:::

1. Add the Havoc Repo to your preferred package manager ([havoc.app](https://havoc.app/))
1. Install ReProvison Reborn
1. Open ReProvision Reborn and follow all onscreen prompts
    - You will be asked to enter your Apple ID. This is only sent to Apple and no one else.

### Resigning using AltDaemon

::: tip

AltDaemon, which utilizes AltStore, is only compatible with iOS 12.2 - 14.5.

:::

AltDaemon allows AltStore to automatically re-sign these applications, without needing to connect to a computer running AltServer over local network.

1. Add the Chariz repository to your preferred package manager ([repo.chariz.com](https://repo.chariz.com/))
1. Download and install the "AltDaemon" tweak
1. Close your package manager
1. Sign any apps that are about to expire

Commit message:

[MAJOR] Switch from Sideloadly to PlumeImpactor (mostly)
This commit switches the primary sideloading utility for most guides from Sideloadly to PlumeImpactor.

While there are a good number of reasons to switch to PlumeImpactor, the main two reasons behind switching to PlumeImpactor are:
- Native Linux Support
- Being OSS (Sideloadly has no public source)

To any average user reading this commit message: Sideloadly still works perfectly fine (this isn't like 4 years ago where AltStore/AltDeploy/whatever else was persistently annoying), however when looking at it from an overall guide perspective, it makes more sense both now and in the future to switch to PlumeImpactor as the default sideloading utility.

With that being said, the following guides have not been switched to PlumeImpactor at this time:
- unc0ver (base guide only, sideloading u0 directly with PlumeImpactor triggers u0's DRM that didn't/doesn't even accomplish anything productive)
- Any jailbreaks that support iOS 8 (PlumeImpactor only supports iOS 9 and later as of now, iOS 8 in general is finicky for stuff to support)
- tvOS Jailbreaks/Guides (PlumeImpactor does not support tvOS at this time)

The existing Sideloadly guides will be archived and will remain for a little bit in case anything explodes (as PlumeImpactor is still relatively new), but for all intents and purposes the archived Sideloadly guides are not being actively maintained and will likely be removed in a few weeks.

docs/en_US/guides/sideloading-apps.md, after:

---
lang: en_US
title: "Sideloading Apps"
description: Guide to using sideloading and resigning your apps with or without a computer
permalink: /sideloading-apps
redirect_from:
  - /resign
  - /resigning
  - /altstore
  - /altdaemon
  - /altserver
  - /altdeploy
  - /sideload
  - /sideloading
  - /reprovision
  - /repro
  - /reprovision-reborn
  - /sideloadly
  - /resigning-apps
extra_contributors:
  - ssalagginkool
  - TheHacker894
  - bradleytechman
---

## Required Reading

Semi-untethered jailbreaks require the use of a sideloaded app to jailbreak. Apps sideloaded with a regular Apple ID will expire after 7 days (or 365 days with a Developer Apple ID). After that period, you will no longer be able to open that app to re-jailbreak.

::: danger

If you are using iOS 16 or newer, you will need to take extra steps beforehand to open sideloaded apps:

1. Open Settings
1. Go to Privacy & Security and find the `Developer Mode` entry
1. Toggle Developer Mode on, then press `Reboot`
1. After the device reboots, unlock it, and confirm that you want to enable Developer Mode
  - If you have a passcode enabled, you'll need to enter it.

:::

## Sideloading apps

### Sideload using PlumeImpactor

::: tip

PlumeImpactor is compatible with iOS 9 and newer.

:::

1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
    - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Open PlumeImpactor
1. Go to `Settings` -> `Sign In`
1. Enter in your Apple Account and Password
1. Close the Settings and Sign In windows
1. Drag and drop the `.ipa` file of your choice into PlumeImpactor
1. Click `Install`

### Sideload using Sideloadly

::: tip

Sideloadly is compatible with iOS 8 and newer.

:::

1. Open Sideloadly
1. Plug your iOS device into your computer
   - Make sure your computer is trusted and allowed to view the contents of your device
1. Drag and drop the `.ipa` file of your choice into Sideloadly
1. Enter in your Apple Account
1. Enter in your password

### Sideload using AltStore

::: tip

AltServer is only compatible with iOS 14.0 and newer.

:::
::: tip
If you are using macOS 10.14 or 10.15 download [AltServer 1.6.2](https://f000.backblazeb2.com/file/altstore/altserver/1_6_2.zip)
:::

1. Download the latest versions [AltServer](http://altstore.io/), [iTunes](https://www.apple.com/itunes/download/win32) if on Windows, and [iCloud](https://secure-appldnld.apple.com/windows/061-91601-20200323-974a39d0-41fc-4761-b571-318b7d9205ed/iCloudSetup.exe) if on Windows
1. Install AltServer for your respective operating system
    - On macOS 10.14 and 10.15, open the Mail app and open `Mail` -> `Preferences` in the menu bar 
    - Click on the `General` tab, the `Manage Plug-ins`, check `AltPlugin` and apply
1. Connect your iOS Device to your Mac or PC via USB
1. Click AltServer in the Menu Bar/System Tray
1. Click Install AltStore
    - Follow all onscreen prompts
    - You will be asked to enter your Apple ID. This is only sent to Apple and no one else.
1. Open Settings and navigate to `General` -> `Device Management` and verify AltStore
1. Open iTunes (Windows or macOS Mojave or older) or Finder (macOS Catalina or newer) and enable syncing over WiFi
1. Download your desired IPA file and open it in AltStore on your iOS Device.
    - Make sure your iOS Device and Mac or Windows PC are connected to the same WiFi network

## Resigning Apps

### Resigning using ReProvision Reborn

::: tip

ReProvision Reborn is compatible with iOS 9.0-14.8.1.

:::

1. Add the Havoc Repo to your preferred package manager ([havoc.app](https://havoc.app/))
1. Install ReProvison Reborn
1. Open ReProvision Reborn and follow all onscreen prompts
    - You will be asked to enter your Apple ID. This is only sent to Apple and no one else.

### Resigning using AltDaemon

::: tip

AltDaemon, which utilizes AltStore, is only compatible with iOS 12.2 - 14.5.

:::

AltDaemon allows AltStore to automatically re-sign these applications, without needing to connect to a computer running AltServer over local network.

1. Add the Chariz repository to your preferred package manager ([repo.chariz.com](https://repo.chariz.com/))
1. Download and install the "AltDaemon" tweak
1. Close your package manager
1. Sign any apps that are about to expire
